e e
for
[Music]
w
w w
[Music]
damn crazy song
so as I'd mentioned before we're going
to redo that album make it about
a a Big Mac and sugar
Bell but um a dilemma I'm having is like
when we do that I kind of don't know
what direction to take things and how
much to to like improve I just want you
to notice me as an example of like what
I'm talking about cuz that vocal is like
really bad autotune on and like cuz I
didn't really have an auto
tune properly at that time of making
that song and obviously I can do that
the effect we were trying to go for a
lot better but it's like do I want to do
that or do I want to sound like kind of
janky the way it was intend tended to be
back in that day I don't
know part of what I'm thinking is like
maybe we'll do
uh a version that's like a really really
light remaster and a re-recording of any
of like uh irrelevant
vocals
um and then maybe having a version where
everything is like revamped a bit more
than just a remaster not even changed
that much either but just like beefed up
better mixed master maybe some like
instrumentation improvements and such
don't
know coming
in
hello there we go nice
nice no stop
[Music]
no you're going to get that stuck in my
head again I can't do
this that's more like it um
okay so we we have a stream we have a
stream lined up for this
one before we do anything let's let's
uh let's let's do our
dailies how well do I know the Violet
Hony music we're going to find
out that's heght line right okay
nice
and is it Pony Star remix or Violet Pony
pony step remix I'm just going to put
Pony step remix No but that's right I'm
right
right like
whatever wait why don't I know that is
this is not the magic show is
it something
else wait why is this [__] me up
no it's
not
oh I confused uh fish wh we song for
queen of Miss
crazy it's Vitality
glitch that's
up
cool cool that intertwined one's
actually going to haunt me
forever I heard the snare Michael it's
queen of Misfit
sounding this three years after queen of
Misfits oh two and a half years after
Queen missfits
whatever okay so what are we doing today
um
well uh what was it
uh let me let me let me get this really
quickly um
what am I
doing this be like I'm getting a
tweet but I'm not getting a tweet I'm
getting a blue sky
post
uh so like the the dev of ultra kill
apparently listened to Monarch which was
a fascinating
Adventure
um and that was my wake up call to be
like I actually haven't played Ultra
K what the
[__] thank you um and so he was like I
have to play Ultra kill
though
so that's what we're
doing
today uh I was going to buy it but user
dazzling flash sent me
a a key for
it and I was planning on buying it
anyway
so that was
interesting I don't have to do do that
so uh here's Ultra
kill um aside from just like spamming
half life I haven't played like fpss in
a while so uh everyone be nice to
me everyone be nice to
me hopefully it's not too insanely
hard
um I used to be a full-time FPS player
in my youth and uh
not anymore in my youth I'm like in my
20s but you know what I mean when I was
younger sure why
not I just wanted to so I T tried
earlier to double check to make sure the
game would run on my cuz this is Windows
only and I'm on a Mac but it still works
on the VM just
fine
so um
I'm going to do the PC one I don't know
who prefers the PlayStation oriented
one all power to you I I do want to see
a little bit better
though this is the thing I kind of uh
there's a really [__] up part of me
that just wants to go brutal right from
the start I've never played this game
before but I should probably be nice to
myself I'll probably just by standard
brutal is basically challenge mode
mankind is dead blood is fuel hell is
hell hell is
full so I played through this for like a
few seconds just to make sure it ran on
my
computer and it feels great and what I
was thinking
immediately tell me if I'm crazy or not
but the movement feels very
Quake the movement brings me back to
like some Quake [__] and already that's
a good sign for me because you know
Quake
uh and also these Graphics are
fire like I love this so much
left
shift
wait okay it's a fixed distance part of
me was like I wonder if it stops early
if I stop it early
but the game is called Ultra
Kel um
question is I feel like my sens I
usually play FPS is on high
sensitivity but I don't know if High
sensitivity is the way on this
game I'm going to bring it a little bit
down that feels a little
better like I usually play FPS with on
high sensitivity but these targets are
very small ragd doll oh we're getting
ragged all in
this
nice
Mario
okay now again because of my my uh from
software brain I need someone to tell me
if I should really be paying attention
to small details or if it's fine if I
just Breeze through [__] because that
that will be important for me to
know cuz Miyazaki Miyazaki has
conditioned
me the last thing you want to do is
ignore
things okay well
for anyone who is looking for fast
placed fast placed let's let's try this
again for anyone looking for fastpaced
gameplay I apologize for disappointing
you cuz I'm just going to like run
around and look at [__] and and like
punch things and like just look at
stuff
so that that's that's how I play these
games cuz I I just want to see I just
want to make sure I don't miss
[__] so if I'm backtracking or I'm like
I look like I don't know what I'm doing
it's just cuz I'm like checking out
things I
promise secret SWS touch them to get a
point
bonus wait is there fall damage
gun
[Music]
he
say there's nothing over here okay
[Music]
um wa
wait sorry I just realized there was an
instruction at the
[Music]
bottom this is this is why game
developers love to put like intrusive
windows for people like me who will just
not see that [__]
[Music]
so fascinating
okay I see the stamina meter
[Music]
I'm assuming this is not happening I'm
so dead
again
um I'm assuming you cannot get up there
maybe
[Music]
oh you can wall jump wait I'm so
silly but was there a point to
[Music]
it you know
what herey really is like
Quakes I promise this is the last time
I'm going to be in this room
[Music]
huh
R
oh
little so shift jump does this do little
boost thing that feels really
good except when you fail
[Music]
it
sure what does that feel it feels like
celest that's what feels
[Music]
like so if I'm supposed
to I can just move on right
[Music]
oh
get
[Music]
right
Pound The Rock I was doing oh sh I'm
sorry hold on what if I just why not
f
[Music]
oh a
okay so if I collect
those you can't collect them in a
restart
oh
[Music]
Okay jump and press control oh
is that
[Music]
it it was just for
fun okay thank
[Music]
you I do have Style
oh my God I'm a
failure I like
[Music]
this that's David
that's our
[Music]
chill the Asian parents wouldn't be
proud of that only one of my parents is
Asian
[Music]
limb shot does this imply that you can
knock limbs off and they'll still
[Music]
live okay
David physical manifestation of The
Souls of the Damned h
[Music]
they're not the lowest form they're so
cool
[Music]
fantastic I to be like what do these do
just click find
[Music]
out oh it's
style it's only $7
[Music]
I wish they would say the name on the
side cuz I probably will
not
remember what these are
called the primary fire is the same the
main thing that changes this
that oh that is very generous that is
very
approximated
like you don't even really have to hit
it okay well that that's
okay okay there I I can see the
range so it's like if I go down there
that's not going to work but
approximately that's fine
you toss the coin shoot it toss another
coin shoot it after wait
what what does that mean
[Music]
coins can also be
chained you do it really
fast oh I
see like
that well let them
recharge that's not
it you mean [__] like the fragments of
it this a very small
room like that yeah
[Music]
okay I think I'm over this a little too
much okay I have to pay attention when
I'm doing that I'm also dead
almost let me try this
there we
go like I can see why they uh give it
such a generous hit box
[Music]
wa
I'm confused is he not supposed to stay
in this
room okay
[Music]
I keep wanting to start like just do the
coin thing over and over
again I see it's been teasing the entire
time
[Music]
oh I see what's
happening that's
[Music]
wait I didn't want to do that
I did want to do that I wasn't done
backtracking and looking at
everything oh
well is this worth
[Music]
green red
blue oh it's high
[Music]
n that's very fun
oh
[Music]
he
starting
[Music]
area thank you for the help but you
should let me uh do this by myself still
I'll figure it out
okay
[Music]
I'm having a little bit of trouble
like balancing the shift control like
everything happening on the left side
here
[Music]
put your mouse side button
wait I missed the memo can you heal if
you punch but they have to
kill like you only heal if you kill
something I must have missed that
wait I just realized that they
[Music]
like
okay I like they're not losing Health
but maybe that's the
point hence blood is fuel understood
[Music]
let's see first of all the music is
great but it needs to get a little
quieter I
[Music]
think um
what was I
doing I was going to save the there's
key
bindes controller
Rumble well since I can use both I has
as well just oh
infinite infinite
many probably up to three or four I
wonder what what we're playing uh
playing this with Rumble control like a
controller would
be bind all buttons to dodge that's kind
of a brilliant idea all right let's see
how that FS
[Music]
that
could be
good I'm just getting a feel for
this just realiz you can go you can like
jump right sorry jump right and then
immediately Dodge the
left it's pretty immediate you don't
need any momentum for it it's
cool slam is really good for resetting
your velocity
um I'm I'm not taking any chances with
this person I
think you you just came in when I think
someone wasn't
SL of your jumping keep
your so Dash jump
like I see you
oh wait sorry I'm like kind of not
paying attention
like
okay that is very fun this room's not
big enough for this
though let me do
this it's kind of hard to pull off using
time it
but there we go that's kind of
cool okay
[Music]
so this shs infinite ammo now
can I Dash into a wall jump into a slam
that's
[Music]
fun woo
hell
yeah okay now that I've bound at least
uh Dash to my mouse button this shit's
like fluid I think the thing is is
having the dash and the slide in the
same area for me is weird and so now I
can delegate them to two different parts
of my
Hooves and that helps me quite a
bit this is really really
great question is does
AOE self
damage that's
[Music]
wo hey
yo what's all this B
hello
[Music]
H where are the shells I don't even
see oh I see only in the secondary
oh
old
F Mouse One X at the same time oh
oh this sh's crazy
oh huh what's all this then
damn well that's fun as hell get it heal
finally the College of San
Andreas shoot the coin with the
shotgun so like
okay that does damage
me saw on
[Music]
shotgun no more the days of the saw off
it's time for the saw on
[Music]
so I'm going to assume the question is
of buying any variation worth is always
worth I change the order
[Music]
Schism
band a the gender
[Music]
owie wowe you know
what okay
okay that is a lot of damage that's a
lot of damage
oh
you oh I remember that tip
it's
I can do
it I
see it's a good
move I like that
[Music]
oh
oh the the floor is glass
no
hold on let me just
nice
it's
the slide uninterrupted for 17
seconds what do I think of the game so
far you know okay I I figured out what
this game is this
game is is Doom if it were
Quake that's that's
it which is a very which is extremely
high praise I would say
because you legendary on both
fronts it feels really
good um I'm kind of uh not incredible at
it but that's
okay um it has some Borderlands level
guns oh [__] should I play Borderlands I
miss
Borderlands I got to play
Borderlands oh my
goodness I simple Cloud TR C in uh no
matter what
2022 very
briefly
um didn't finish two until 2015 I
mean that was not too long after
Borderlands 2 came out
right oh man Borderlands was like 2012
2013 right am I freaking it hold on no
I'm wrong aren't
I uh-oh
2012 oh no I was right I win I'm the
winner it was late 2012 too okay
nice
um yeah I got to play Borderlands
[Music]
I'm not playing Borderlands today I'm
just saying in general
oh baseball
[Music]
oh you're
oh there's twice of them good news every
pony
I'm probably dead okay
he
thinking is into shotgun is rather dumb
but I love shotgun
well but I love
shotgun I didn't realize that I was a
thing okay
this just that they're big targets so it
makes sense to use the shot
[Music]
go
no
oh
okay wait can you slide
backwards hold
nope yes I just didn't do it
right guys I can't believe I killed all
two enemies in this level it's crazy
Black Ops 6 Omni movement you know you
you know dashing left forward right
everywhere Call of Duty didn't invent
it this technolog has been around for
years
[Music]
I tried doing it with
the so
wait yeah this is the thing that
confuses
me Call of Duty invented
legs I think Call of Duty has innovated
on practically nothing
the only time I would think that Call of
Duty actually innovated on something was
maybe Modern Warfare
2 just with its campaign being as good
as it was and maybe that's
it I knew that
Black Ops 3 is is actually
good just its campaign was horrible I
say this like every I feel like every
other stream I'm talking about how good
Black Ops 3's like multiplayer was but
campaign is bad I feel like I say this
like way too often now SPO like a
10-year-old game allow
maybe oh my goodness beautiful and
lovely I just killed
you Mario
64 Call of Duty innovated in being a
shitty early yearly game that still
makes a zillion dollars
somehow you're right Call of Duty did
Call of Duty did innovate in being like
[__] corporate hell throw a coin into
the
fountain what but I didn't I wanted to
see everything else
nobody tell me what to do
[Music]
he
that's not allowed
can't go
diagonal oh why did I I was thinking
about that all wrong I was like I have I
have to include this Square for some
reason wait you're
evil
for for
what are
you what are
you what are you you're so interesting
in
here h
oh wait I can wall jump
is
sticky keys get out of here I'm a Mac
User I don't know what you are
what oh wait that's
allowed why is it so beautiful nighttime
oh have
uh uh
[Music]
oh
no I understand
why is this making me feel like Baba is
you not not quite but just I'm getting
that energy for some
reason for
[Music]
green for
what wait that can going okay do have
different entries
uh
but that Mario maker I can zoom in
that Mario Maker that no sense
[Music]
no red guaranteed cannot go in this
bottom one
just say now I'm not looking at the chat
or anything
[Music]
the fact that it lets me zoom in is like
interesting
wait
couldn't we
wait couldn't we do no okay only one
gets
one for
[Music]
H oh wait a minute
we can we can overlap them
I don't know if it matters you can
overlap
them for
no this
green cannot touch that dot red cannot
go down
here green has to
go in such a way that nothing crosses
this so something else can reach that
right oh no because we can go here
so what if
that then
this no cuz then there's well
no oh does the order
matter is a question
[Music]
that uh
I Can Do This I Swear to to the to the
huntress
red cannot go in
here wait
[Music]
[__]
that that feels
right somehow I don't know how
to marry that with
this okay
okay
the this is evil
I mean this doesn't work because you
have to get all the
dots so maybe I'm thinking this again
but then that closes this off so
strange it goes all the way around
sucks cuz you can't go that
now so green obviously cannot be the one
that goes up there
now
what
for for
thinking thinking so hard with my little
brain which is smaller than a
p this audio is reminding me of the
heaven room from Stanley
Parable wait wasn't this game about
killing
get get
off one do one do The Killing start
again
my brain is so
small Walnut sized
presumably the red has to go through
this
one whether it continues or not is a
question I
have that doesn't work so
got
something how much something can I go
here
cuz
that's
actually oh right I go through a gree
I'm so
silly all the way like this
this oh there's a danger where I was
God
[__] okay wait can we do no we
can't can we do
that no that blocks the
red that's still blocks the red and
solves nothing
wof
[Music]
I feel like it has to go
that's all
right I can't be
right head
hurts h
that's not
right that's not right that's
[Music]
no but
I can do that
wait oh it goes through that just
realized
well maybe if I go this
way this still does nothing
this is so angry
I feel like I had it
already in some
way something close it
okay wait let me think about this so
there's no way for for the blue to go
around and reach this one here or this
one
here this is
possible this is possible
but then this is a
problem the fact that this is there or
can't go here can't go here was the only
way out makes makes it's prodding me to
think that I should be bringing the
green out to the right in some way
can't bring it over here cuz then that
blocks the blue from doing anything so
that is like not the answer for
sure can't do this because that blocks
everything from going over well wait
maybe I should try doing the things I
don't think are possible
[Music]
well now I'm the balloon Champion I
guess that was good for my brain I think
it's all good
[Music]
open up
wait why did I do
this
no
no no
have I [__] is it me do it again no I
can do
this D okay that was a
prayad I'm not opening that
again for
[Music]
I
is
[Music]
wait I went I already went over
here this is where
the yeah the balloon Champion was
r
[Music]
come on I have to do the combo guys rela
oh okay someone else to do it
then guys let me do my combo hold on I
going for my coin to
relo hold on guys I need to do my combo
hold
on see it's better this
way guys I need to do my
combo wait can you guys relax
it's combo
[Music]
time
wait see see how simple it
is
shrimp hey yo
the enjoyable
[Music]
hey he
oh
[Music]
guys wait I need to do my
combo it's so hard to hit when you're
jumping
around and maybe you don't jump around
[Music]
[Applause]
not the balloon Champion room
[Music]
guys I have to do my
combo what that
me that's really so hard to
do when I'm jumping
around okay fine
I love the blood
I don't want to do that actually
asgore I know you're here
f
he oh
[Music]
you can Rocket Jump with a
shotgun like this
slam and
jump oh I
see I see
it's not on this level oh a backtrack
never again
I
see f
d ad
there's no F in this game
[Music]
I'll do this and then over here get this
one I'm assuming I don't really have to
overthink that
[Music]
they're Curious by Nature
by throwing their orb
[Music]
thing
en
[Music]
he
yeah I can
platform yeah I can platform
he
[Music]
I don't know why I didn't just I I've
been doing this the entire time but I
only just now process that this is like
you can actually just hang on the wall
slightly I've been doing that the whole
time but it only just enourage me that
you can do that
[Music]
the is this a Swan's reference
look what you caused Violet
good it's
funny like finally [__]
huh are they going to dodge everything I
do no
they are references to swans and
Tool wait was I right was I not even
joking
filth and Schism you know what I was
literally
thinking I was literally thinking those
were references but at the same time I
was
like that's just my
autism I I have to be just be alone in
this but now I'm was like damn okay
okay well now now it's important that I
overthink the level
titles wait did I just take this I did
Pink Floyd Queen swans or King
Crimson it's like this game was made for
me like the person's been spying on me
what's am I should I be
afraid Gods speed You black Emperor
references wow
this seems kind of
awesome okay what am I doing
thank you
[Music]
are they just going to hang out
there I do that
[Music]
listen does anyone know if there's like
DLC [__] for this cuz
like if the Deb wants to link up I'll
like write some [__] for this you know
what I mean that's all I'm
saying yeah that would be that would be
fun I'd love to do
[Music]
that street cleaner
H maybe I'll reach out once I finish the
game the early development anyway
[Music]
yeah oh
w
where's my fortnite emote
f
he
a
wait should I be backtracking or should
I been going forward I feel like we're
backtracking here
I'm actually a little confused right
now okay we we
backtracking this way
woo was a statue
[Applause]
let
me for
[Music]
you slide then jump
like we're doing the SL
jump you don't jump at all
[Music]
oh justtin just
no dashing slide
oh I'm silly I was conflating slide and
dash with each
other oh that KS
I'm understanding the joy of the coins
now thank you for collecting coins
[Music]
oh there that's a
roof I just realized that's a roof
f
[Music]
just
cuz I
[Music]
wait a
minute yeah this is web fishing
he
oh
I keep thinking like I'm doing good and
then I don't do good
oh
I forgot that
the the Minun loses range
okay I need to figure out how
to so you know what I'm realizing cuz
I've been using the numbers to switch
through
these I was expecting for the
like the mouse wheel to scroll through
them like constantly but I just realized
that just scrolling once will stay on
that weapon in
general
uh so it doesn't do it continuously that
actually makes a lot easier I should
have been paying attention to that
[Music]
I was think he was like half life
okay now that F have the mouse wheel
thing that makes it a lot easier to
actually switch between weapons cuz I'm
like okay what weapon is on number which
one and then I press e or Q to switch
between them and now it's like use Mouse
wheel go up and down and press e to
switch that's it i' I figured it out
I've cracked the
codes also no fall damage
wait do I put it
here no no no
no because we're backtracking again
hello
why is the Dark Souls
coed okay
okay okay
okay
the
like it's big okay
what does that mean this is some new
[__] that was some new [__]
oh
what does this mean
the bombs get
bigger so
sure
oh okay don't do that
that hell I'm not really good at this
one
w
sure
what's getting me the most is
those the grabs
I'm probably dead this one
but I'll
try yeah
okay pistols uh better
Co
m
okay when it does the thing I need to
not stand close to it like I keep doing
w
Christ
okay yeah for some reason I thought
there was no blood regen cuz I've been
like close this entire time and not
getting anything
but I guess that's the case
there we go
when it gets to be that tense I start to
confuse which my which controls are
which
true
[Music]
apparently this is a a weak part too I
didn't realize
[Music]
for
actually you want to do some
lore so
the I don't know how many people here
have listened to Mystic
Acoustics but let me show you
something oh there's no keyboard display
with
this it's
[Music]
fine right but
so
[Music]
so follow follow the follow the Empire
from atic acoustic start cuz I was
playing clear too and then accidentally
played it wrong I was like I'm just
going to do that now
actually okay
goodbye
[Music]
huh again I don't know what sticky keys
are
guys it's an
access guys don't look here's a hot take
for
me this right
here is reminiscent of when video games
were actually
good so in my humble
opinion shout out to the fact I can clip
through there just
briefly so
like what would you rather have a game
that's not possible to break whatsoever
or a game that's broken because it
sucks the best video games tend to give
you the most
Freedom not making them nonlinear but by
making them feel like you belong
there okay where do I go first does it
matter
[Music]
for
whereit
am I losing my mind or is like the slide
into jump really quickly like
actually really
good I'm not losing any stamina for this
it's be HPP
thing you can't be hot when you have
like no gravity but
yeah oh it feels so
good I know that I know the dash jump
makes me go fast but like
the slide jump takes no
stamina
damn wait that wasn't
satisfying there we go
it's like a good deal
sorry it's just a joy to move
around I going to put you away for a
second
[Music]
there his name is
Gabriel like
Peter Mr
Pete like a
griffin oh I see put
what
did I miss other ones here
[Music]
Hank
oh okay for
okay red versus blue moment you know
what I just installed the Halo
collection by the way
[Music]
okay I to stop confusing my [__] again
holy [__]
holy
[__] okay so
[Music]
Jesus Christ
F holy [__]
[Music]
f
f h
all
[Music]
I keep wanting to get up close cuz of
the healing
[Music]
I like straight up can't pay attention
f
Jesus Christ
[Music]
um
yeah it's just hard cuz I don't feel
like it's very
telegraphed I guess it is but I have to
pay attention
supposedly be a sound
[Music]
I hear it
I'm going to try
carrying I'm you're Parry it this way
right
is
go
I was close
[Music]
I'm understanding it
some of these I
don't exactly know how to
play that one I
think I'm switch to
okay
f
[Music]
w
oh
doggy well that was fast
actually why do I have giant big fists
now
oh I
see I still don't think I did a very
good job of learning how to Parry
through this one
[Music]
but
huh there were skulls oh well there
wasn't let at zero to
zero wait what wait I'm so confused
[Music]
now fck [__]
nice okay this game runs really well
considering it's an
emulation
nice I think we'll stop that for
now it's very very very
fun and very good
we've been
neglecting the what the
[__] [__]
help is so
Dre thanks for alerting me to the
fatty so beautiful
all right hold on I I need to go get
more soda Sledge for my body but
entertain everyone with sound effects
here
can I have chbg
please
[Music]
chbg welcome to got so much to see
you're
changing um oh [__] wait I just like
slapped my headphone cable off of my
headphone I have
a I have these for my headphones and I
just like just slaps slapped
it
uh that's
fine okay I'm here
[Music]
so it's been a been a little bit since
Minecraft cuz halflife
celebration and during Minecraft uh I
can actually look at chat normally
so Now's the Time to
uh just
speak I am placing blocks and [__] cuz
I'm in [__]
Minecraft wait can I get the
lyrics I am placing
blocks why is it on genius
why is it UNG
genius why is it UNG
genius so why am I not logged
in okay this this [__] logged me out I
guess intriguingly Jack makes no mention
of breaking blocks
okay wait should I get
a oh [__] Baddie we got to play the
[__] cake game we got to play Roblox
on
stream we'll do that we'll do that after
Minecraft if you guys if you guys stick
around for uh for after Minecraft will
maybe do Roblox I think anyway that
being said I haven't played much regr
evader but I've played some of
it
um
okay Obby live okay so actually I could
we could do the Violet Obby but like
there's some parts of it that are like
actually so
impossible like genuinely
I'm not going to get them actual
song
okay I am placing blocks and [__] cuz
I'm in [__]
Minecraft I am placing blocks and [__]
cuz I'm in front working
Minecraft
oh my
[Music]
God is
that [__]
big we
could
wait because I [__] steal
I am [__]
Ste [__]
[Music]
yeah I don't know how this part goes
wait wait wait a minute I am
[Music]
yeah
oh they skipped
it okay sure sure what the
[__] synth wve no no
no all right let's try this
again I am we we're going to skip we're
skipping these lines cuz they're not
they don't exist I am placing blocks and
[__] cuz I'm in [__]
Minecraft I am placing blocks and [__]
cuz I'm in [__]
Minecraft
oh my
[Music]
God is
there [__]
big because I'm [__]
Ste I am [__]
[Music]
still [__] yeah
yeah I am building
[__] I am [__]
sick yes
indeed f
g g g do
where am
I
huh John of Kennedy Cottage what what
happened that one's going on the
Scrapbook let's just go south for the
winter
do you guys know that the bees are
taking over
again wait do you guys want to see my
secret Bea
hold
on it's a secret cuz this isn't this
isn't Canon yet it's going to be Canon
but it's not canon
yet
beatric the bees
very
good Happy Thanksgiving by the
way I don't give a [__] about
Thanksgiving I forgot it was today I
only figured it out cuz I went outside
and realized there was nobody outside
was
like wait I'm normal
I don't know why I said Happy
Thanksgiving [__]
Thanksgiving look at this
[__] wait this is a bay or I'm sorry a
lake this is a weird [__]
Lake that's
crazy unlike a lot of the other ones
this one has like such high altitude on
all
sides is that technically ocean
this is technically categorized as ocean
is this categorized as ocean no that's a
river that's River that's River this is
classified as an
ocean can I help you
hello o
Bell it feels like something really cool
could be built here but maybe we should
just build like a parking
garage
oh Over Yonder the danger Aros
approaches
oh no they're idiots
oh unlike the pillagers I actually have
a cardi collab on the way
I would totally collaborate with Oriana
grande
where am
I why are they like
stupid how much health do you
have there you go one's the Mozart Club
who is it that just dropped new music
was it Beethoven this
year did bethoven drop like new music
this year or
something I feel like
a girl her Wizards cardi collab would
have been a bide cut Mr miss the sage
B Tobin's on the come up
whole lot of vid whole lot of
videos whole lot of
violet B I kind of want to play Roblox
like right now
yeah you can Sprint
underwater okay we're doing we're we're
we're switching Roblox
should do the Violet Obby first
wait what's my
profile
oh I think they removed the [__] oh
no Patty they [__] things up hold
up they deleted something
maybe no it's normal on my
screen never
mind cuz this is like this is how it's
supposed to look
I guess it's just the maybe I need to
reset or
something uh you know what just uh get
beef just get
beef beef beef will do
it please work beef
okay beef Works say hello to beef this
is
beef all right how do I restart
[Music]
where do I type
confirm do I type it
here okay
type uh semicolon and then restart and
then in the actual chat box not the
command box type confirm no no no no
no like this type that and then in chat
type
[Music]
confirm there there you
are no it's okay it's all good
Lampert Ralph egg oh my God the whole
thing
all right let's
go those feel like those eyes are new
thank you
[Music]
wolf D dump step
I I didn't forget this Obby was kind of
hard
[Music]
this come on
now I'm a gamer you're not even supposed
to be able to do this
[Music]
yay so much
poo horse
[Music]
be careful don't touch the creep
flow get it it's aloe and Lotus the
laughter begins at midnight
Winter's end yeah here comes the
seductive
[Music]
Turtle there's the seductive Turtle
right there
this is cek flow
good good job
daddy you're even becoming
they've replaced all the lyrics with I'm
cig
flow in case that wasn't obvious
this almost looked normal for just a
second from right here it's like oh that
art is normal and then it just gets
longer and
longer giraffe
the intrusive flavor of peralo
cheese the intrusive flavor of provolone
cheese the intrusive flavor of provim
cheese
wait I had to show everyone Ralph
egg I mean pineapple
Joseph he needs 50 million
bits in order to be a real father
this is the BRAT book
[Music]
I
can you play swans in
Roblox what a
question thank you for collecting
coins help
[Music]
can't do it right
now here comes the fulminated
Mercury come on guys we need to get to
the
[Music]
Carousel we did it we're at the carousel
don't worry about all those up there
[Music]
evil pineapple Joseph
swans obvious sounds like it would be
like the worst thing ever
wait buddy where you at
oh
[Music]
I'm going to see if chat can get these
aners correct what is apparently my
least favorite cheese
[Music]
the [__] prolon is the
best it's actually not twit Chase is the
best
but gar
gonzala get G gonzala yes it's gor
gonzala
apparently this isn't even true but like
the person who made this saw I made a
tweet like 5 years ago saying I hated
gorgona but it was a
[Music]
joke guys what was my first album
what is sin Square X multiplied by cose
squ X simplified
[Music]
correct
one unscramble wolf
freaking was such a specific question
the
[Music]
chips Doritos and
fredas what Pony caused the housing
crisis and put the entire country into
an economic economic depression
Celestia is a really really really
really really good answer is pineapple
Joseph
though who did Celestia give the
blessing of the crown to
[Music]
Pope
Francis the answer is staring at you in
the face yes braic there you go
just
like I think it's really funny that this
is this is the thing in here
yes it is a Taylor
Swift does the music ever
stop vote now on your phones
[Music]
the pillars
okay coming up here is like one of the
funniest things to
me help
look guys it's love
letters look guys it's love letter look
guys it's love letters
okay this one is this is the funniest
one to me here cuz like straight up this
is an the apathy section for the for the
album
apathy which like no one has listened to
no one knows what that is and like the
album cover for apathy I just took a
picture of like a a
mall like a mall parking lot that I was
in and I I
it's really [__] weird to see this
as as a Roblox OB because it's just a
photo I spent like two seconds taking
[Music]
d
elf Mr
[Music]
Bean
Bean and then Kord
tiberious that was the tales for
Equestria section
[Music]
I hate this part so much
not as about as the car section that
comes later
that actually wasn't as bad this time
for some
reason but I will die to love letters
colorless section
[Music]
why why am I so
bad what am I
doing I have to be a video game fatty
what are you doing
Ultra kill prepared you for this this is
harder than Ultra
[Music]
kill I swear this wasn't didn't take us
long last
[Music]
time hello
what am I actually doing
[Music]
what's
happening I'm killing everyone in this
room
you said not me you're not
exempt death comes for us
all I'm so bad I'm so
bad you no
I was literally
there I'm placing blocks on
[__] okay
okay sure I'll take it I will not
explode oh yeah this part is
nice I like can I say I save scum the
section I [__] hate video games and
everyone who makes
them video game creators are going to
hell this instant
[Music]
I come
on I was barely touching like a pixel
off now what hit me there
[Music]
this supposed to be Raina what you
think Daddy how did you get up there
this
part okay I actually did it this time
look one two three
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 one for each
year look it's crude
oil GR Lord
tarus is and now we have to escap
them yeah this is the part I was
dreading
[Music]
okay they made it
doable Hazard everything now did they
make this one doable
cuz this one was
ridiculous they did make a doable yippe
what the [__] is going on Over
Yonder I can't believe it they made it
[Music]
doable
ow it's time to CRA crash our Mercedes
and to
McDonald's goodbye
bad goodbye
me oh wait oil is dangerous
wait oil is
dangerous wait Oreo
hold on let me just do my combo
[Applause]
I think I think I've had nightmares at
this place I don't know where where they
are in the Obby but that the most
forboding sentence you can say in like
the My Little Pony Roblox Obby
[Applause]
okay fly up
[Music]
congratulations I you can just walk over
to this and get a funny sound and that's
[Music]
it hello Tiberius
the world is so beautiful well
oh my
God you can do it
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wa
wait wait
wait gorgona gorgona no matter what
gorgona no matter what gorgona no matter
what whatever happens gorgona no matter
what
[Music]
I I
I
I've defeated Ralph egg and I'm taken
the throne
[Music]
the wall of
Spike immediately goes for the creek
flow immediately goes for the creek flow
hello
[Music]
what
why is this kind of a nightm
[Music]
realm what are you doing
right there we go to the secret place as
well
congratulations you found my secret
pineapple land
n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n n
[Music]
n n
n n n n n n n n n n n n n
okay let's uh I'm going to leave the Obi
now good luck to everyone still
complaining the
Obby I need to do this
[__] I need to lock in okay
[Music]
what
treats where do I see my [__]
[Music]
I love the random bro stpp in this
world's funniest tear
[Music]
out oh wait I should do the Obby
hell
[Music]
yeah I'm locking in
wish I could see where
[Music]
like see the stuff I have already cuz
that way I could plan ahead but
[Music]
I usually do just swing it but I kind of
don't know what I
have all right while we're waiting for
this
[Music]
I'm getting
a pedal board this Saturday should be
coming
in and uh quite quite thrilled for
this I'm scared I don't know what to do
[Music]
I think the dubstep part is part of the
OST I think it's just part of the
song a clue to that is that there's like
kind of a like a neuro hop snare in this
part of the song right
now which gives you a clue in with the
kind of music this person probably
normally makes
[Music]
cleaning did they vote
already I think the Bro step [__] should
come in in just a
second after this bar Maybe
there it
[Music]
is it's so funny
beef beef
[Music]
probably in soon
me
[Music]
what
blue baby
[Music]
Yoda why are you blue
okay starting in 30
seconds what is that
[Music]
all right here we
go it's time to fight blue baby
[Music]
Yoda these are all fine
okay
[Music]
well sure why not
that's
fun I want cake so bad
little
bow okay that's
fine wait
can't spend too much time on
this okay that's fine
[Music]
that's fine
I don't
like I can't really go wrong with this
hey he he he he he he
he let's see
this is kind of crazy
[Music]
should have
eyes oh maybe
uh down here with
oh that's kind of
crazy did one of those say drippy
what oh that's kind of crazy
[Laughter]
actually that's kind of
crazy I feel like this is fine I don't
know what else to do for this without
over complicating
it does do bows look nice on it no not
even a little bit
oh this is
fine oh no that's crazy actually
yeah that
works oh whatever this is so bad I don't
know what it is it's crazy
what are these those like teacups
I mean that's kind of magical but sure
why
not should I change that chocolate color
[Music]
I can't oh yes I
can green ass chocolate
sure this is so mystical
[Music]
I don't know what else I don't know what
else to do with
this I think it's
[Music]
good pumpkins who are witches
that's better actually
okay I kind of can't tell which one's
yours better this one's a gamer cake
[Music]
uh damn I have no
idea oh you're next to
me
okay yours is like a like a birthday
cake
more do you do you see you on mine
[Music]
I feel like the gamer Cake's going to
win
was like the one with the RGB
[Music]
green I probably should have made mine a
little bit more green the green is so
light it looks almost yellow
from a distance it's hard to tell
though rip
me
sure I just don't want the gamer cake to
win it's so weird looking
[Music]
honestly that one actually that changed
my
[Music]
mind
buddy
no oh is the gamer cake lost
this one's really good for being really
simple I think it's just kind of
balanced well balanced
oh it's the same person who's won three
times in a
row
[Music]
interesting well we get to hear the Bro
stub section again I have to shout this
person
[Music]
up guys we're going to get to hear the
Bro St section there's only 30 seconds
yeah it should show up in like when
there's like 12 seconds to
go never
mind it's not going to
happen yeah it's it's
[Music]
over there it is
yes we got
it oh my God we did
it Twilight wishes that's fire that's
crazy look at that mean like Twilight
Sparkle the night sky I'm going to do
Twilight Sparkle themed cake
[Music]
oh I'm going to be so genius with this
to be honest
[Music]
okay how do I make this about
me e
I swear to God there's like a gunshot
sound effect in this part of the
soundtrack for
uh
that makes sense right
[Music]
oh that's crazy actually
h
that's kind of crazy
I
I swear there's a a gun sound effect
that plays in in this
song carousel
on
[Music]
he
he he hey hey hey he he
hey Cat
Minecraft that's cool
[Music]
I cannot think of what else to do
here too complicated
[Music]
I think this
is
fine Twilight cake
this is very true
holy
[__] buy which one's yours
yours the far
[Music]
right I could tell the one of the far
right was yours because of just like the
color theory happening in there
yeah this one is kind of crazy
though there's
baddies what what is going on with this
one okay
[Music]
I feel like the red cake is out of theme
but I still like it
so far right cake sounds crazy far right
cake is when one person gets cake and no
one else
[Music]
does if you give other people cake
that's socialism
[Music]
so goodbye
everyone this is cake
PVP far right cake is when you work
really hard to grab everyone else's
cake that is unless you were bored with
just the ability to have more cake given
to you for the purpose of like madeup
social
hierarchy what the
[__] baddy no yours was the the best I'm
sorry legit the best color theory out
here this person just put red and black
together I mean it's still good but it's
like
[__] okay to be fair it is a good cake I
feel like this the person
who I bet this is going be the person
who's won like three times in a row
already though
oh never
mind
well that's fine it was a good cake just
damn yours was like Superior in every
way at least it wasn't the same person
as last
time I have to go back to the lobby so I
make sure to he h have the bur step
partk come up
I'm
[Music]
beef yeah baddy definitely should have
won it didn't even really feel like a
contest
[Music]
what was it I saw earlier on Twitter
some like uh I feel like it was
a republican aligned Twitter I don't
know who the [__] guy was but like
posted like how it feels to be the only
conservative at Thanksgiving and like
it's just like some guy sitting down and
knocking someone's like medication out
of their hands and like shoving cigar in
someone else's like mouth like you're so
creepy stop
it I want to know who that was made
[Music]
for America is when you breathe
smoke it's like
[Music]
the the leftist ideal the leftist uh
opinion is just I wish to
exist I should that be a good Lily
Pond I wish to exist that's
it the the opposing side is I want to
kill everyone who isn't
me we we have very different
now wait a
second let's let's find a compromise
between these two things yes yes
indeed actually this should be
that we could have
like yeah let's kind of good and then up
here we go
like that actually looks terrible
I spend the entire time on just this
just the color I mean since it's a one
tier cake I guess it's
[Music]
fine wait
what oh
sure
[Music]
oh that's crazy oh that's
crazy wait can we also
get oh that's crazy oh we're we're we're
cracked on this one we cracked the code
here hold on let's let's
do let's get this on the outer edges
here by
NOA I'm not cooking I'm baking get it
right there's no like lily pads things I
think that I
have
no but we can fake it but we can fake it
but we can fake it check this [__] out
okay
this gives the indication of lily pads
they are not lily pads but they just
feel like it right now you know what I
mean they just kind of feel like
it oh this is fire this is actually
fire hold on I know how to I know how to
really get this to go crazy too hold on
let's go
Toppers and then we
do well not ocean cuz that's like that's
deep that's deep ocean yeah we can't do
that but we can
do this and we can do do you [__] see
this
[__] do you see this
[__] do you see how cracked I am
am I crazy or
what okay wait
oh that's a that's an
idea we have a little bit of time
here Thanksgiving lay
now okay I think we're going uh I think
we're going
this and then we can say the cookies are
like oh wait am I kind of crazy if I
like
make the chocolate chips like red is
that
crazy that's kind of
crazy wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait could
I go texture
wait stop
it and
go y y
yo I'm crazy I'm kind of
crazy I'm kind of crazy
[Music]
can we do just can we do something
else can we add just a little something
else Ocean's not going to work cuz again
this a Lily
Pond it's cool but it like covers up
the the
water I think leaving it is just the
best
bet yeah we'll just leave
it this is
it could I oh wait could I
there we go I'm a genius for this I'm
actually a genius for
this this is the cake of History
this is ultra kill this one of the mini
games Ultra
bake I mean listen hell's just one giant
oven right
yeah no I better [__] qu I'm sorry
everyone this sounds kind of great
though let me guess that
here uh
don't tell
me I feel like it's this
one is this yours
body no oh [__]
is it this this
[Music]
one oh maybe it's this one no
wait
[Music]
okay okay
I changed my to these
ones this is yours Baddie this
one damn
[Music]
it I don't know then
that's what I [__]
thought oh yours was the big the the big
the big ones oh oh was this one it was
this I guessed this one
first that was my first guess that you
didn't say
anything oh maybe I thought it and
it okay that doesn't count but you
win unfortunately m is the
[Music]
best oh my God baty face
off baddy we're facing off
Battle of the country
you know what
buddy congrats well
done
but
but we have to remember Battle of the
country
[Music]
extremely important
damage what
[Music]
I I thought your title just said cartoon
character
[Music]
okay foggy graveyard outer space Oh [__]
I have an idea but I don't know if it's
going to
[Music]
work I need two layers for
this okay I kind of have an idea here
[Music]
what
hey hey hey
hey hey he hey hey hey hey he hey hey
hey hey
I don't remember what PLS or in what
order so I'm just making kind of generic
looking
planets but it's something
I'm kind of crazy for this though you
have to
admit just make this one bright
I could make an asteroid B to the bottom
we can accomplish this simply
by going to this layer and doing this
I
[Music]
I am kind of a genius for this
what
no never RS that for
[Music]
I feel like we can make the top part top
TI a little bit larger
as long as it doesn't do that and then
maybe change
the color to be a little bit more
pleasant yeah
I don't really know what else to
do stop
it or we're doing it with that just a
little
bit that covers the integral planets
I think that's all there is to do maybe
going over here
and changing
the actually that floating is kind of
cool that's
fine yeah I think that's our
cake uh are these things over doing it
this could be
pillars I do this quickly
yeah that's
cool I think that was a good
save it's like I don't know how those
just standing on top
but what are viting Gra smoking on the
thumbnail whatever pisses off people
over the age of 55 the
most okay
B yours
is hold on I'm hold
on
what h
so
small uh I yours is this one
right yeah I thought so so I got it this
time this is actually kind of Genius I'm
going to give it to that
one look little textures is very
smart just can we get one more look at
this
[Laughter]
one please please oh I don't want it to
win but I kind of wanted to win
but like at the same time mine's
crazy I'm like the smartest person in
the universe with this [__]
[Laughter]
oh poor
baby I kind of want to I kind of want a
troll like that there's no Whimsy in the
voting process
[Music]
damn
really but I'm
crazy that's okay it's time for bad win
time for bad win
if baddy doesn't win Elon Musk has to
consider his
[Music]
livelihood December 17th 2024 5
p.m. all right Elon Musk you're safe for
now
[Music]
I really should have
won un Le I got
[Music]
third little K should have
one oh wait
time for
[Music]
gambling I own
summer pretzel
[Music]
what
beautiful help
[Music]
me I'm beef
I said I'm beef and then they just
[__] set a slur at
[Music]
me finally a generalized theme I'm going
to make a tiny one I'm going to make it
itty bitty
[Music]
what's with the anti- beef sentiments
lately do you mean like beef the the
product or beef the
character wait how do they do that oh
wait
can I just put can I just put batty just
B
[Laughter]
I just put Patty
here like here's your
cake oh my God
yeah there it is that's our cake we did
it eat
up I can't make it
bigger we I literally can't make it
bigger oh I
can wait I'm
[Music]
idiot there you you just get batter
it's a gentle hue
I've committed to the bed
end I forgot to do the Obby so now I can
do that I think
[Music]
and we can hear bur step again
I think one of my roommates made
macaroni asking if I can have
[Music]
some Thanksgiving macaroni
I need a whole last thing I'm Macar I'm
not going to lie yeah I do have
roommates they have to listen to me
scream whenever I record
[Music]
I think my life was changed forever when
I went somewhere and I discovered that
such a thing as fried macaroni and
cheese cubes
[Music]
exists most important discovery of my
life
[Music]
you're absolutely right you should fry
the
cake let's go
hold
[Music]
on here we
got we got this
you want the ASMR slime okay hold
[Music]
on I put on the germa sensory bot
where is
it where's some slime give me some
slime right now
[Music]
okay F doesn't want to give me
slime okay wait I might have
some how much time we got one
minute okay here you go
[Music]
what's wrong with it this is
abnormal give me give me something
better there we go Merry Christmas
everyone
[Music]
nice
burger it's too
big it's just a little too big
what what is
[Music]
this oh oh
no oh my god oh
uh
why you
hungry are you not a fan
[Laughter]
the person who made the one on the right
so just said I made my cake the
stinky
what
what bat's moving on
if this fing wins I'm going to lose my
mind just a little
[Music]
bit
no please no no no no no no no no no no
no no
no [__] oh my
God please this this can't happen
this is not
happening no
[Music]
okay
okay oh okay oh my
god
oh oh
oh oh my God
oh my
God just
just oh my
[Laughter]
God I want to know how close the votes
were oh my god oh I cry just a little
little
bit oh I love video game so
much oh my
God that was a lot for my
heart that was a lot to
handle oh [__]
okay that was
great
okay it's like 3:00 in the morning I've
just I've been so
loud I have to calm down I I was so
so
so that was that was a lot to deal
with it's too bad I won't play fortnite
Roblox
again it was a nightmare it was
awesome we brought beef all the way
through
okay I like have with Roblox for
now can just have
this one night Twilight Sparkle the
princess of friendship was in the caner
lot Library looking for an important
scroll this place is a [__] pig thy
who organized
this suddenly Spike her friend Dragon
trotted into
view you're the dumb kind who organized
this
place Twilight Sparkle brought out a
book Spike got excited when he realized
it was a book about the Power
Ponies that's enough back talking at to
me heading Spike hitting Spike
[Music]
yay free Shaka
do Spike was excited when he realized
that the book was about the Power
Ponies and remember this
[Music]
and remember
this wa
this is for you
[Music]
bud oh there it is
we also have this
one I guess I'll just have to throw
myself my own birthday
[Music]
party that's really good
okay have
a
the Nexus just got an
update and they brought
back the old UI and I never owned it
when it had the old UI but
you can switch it to the old UI like
this that's kind of
[Music]
crazy right let me get the lore
was it even in
[Music]
here where isn't this one
I already forgot which one it
is was it just a factory preset actually
is a question I have to go to the here I
[Music]
think there you go
is
[Music]
so yeah the the flare for the dramatic
guitar comes from the Nexus preset I've
shown this a few times before
[Music]
but so the Lord with Nexus
is
um it's technically just a preset player
with this new update they've given it a
pretty robust synth engine but it's a
little bit complicated but if you ignore
the most recent update Nexus has
historically been like a preset player
which is like you don't really make your
own sounds on it you just sort of pick
out the sounds that they they've made
for it which is what I mean by a preset
player and for many many many many years
people have
like hated this thing because of that
like oh you have to make every sound
from scratch or else you're not a real
person and you're going to die really
quickly
um which is like a kind of mentality I
bought into when I was like younger um
it is like FL shlex yes um I've since
grown out of that to make good music you
should try making good music and that's
all you need to do
um and so for the longest time I avoided
Nexus because of the connotation people
had had given it cuz it is a Cheesy in
it's not like the highest quality
sounding thing but it's like
really it's really uh
like useful for a lot of different
sounds cuz a lot of times you can just
think of something in your head and the
Nexus probably just has it you just go
for the Nexus patch
um but I did use samples back in the day
which used Nexus presets and stuff so I
used to use the website called looperman
I've talked about the looperman a little
bit in the
past um but for those who don't
know there's this website which by the
way it's still totally valid to use
this this website called
looperman which when I was
younger I got a lot of my samples from
here and I still have them and I still
use them
actually so my lman samples are right
here and a lot of it was like user made
but
sometimes occasionally people would also
upload samples from other sample packs
which was kind of cool kind of
sneaky um a lot of Vengeance stuff made
it up onto
looperman and uh a lot of stuff people
made or a lot of the Vengeance stuff
that was reuploaded used Nexus to create
those sounds and stuff so in a way I did
use Nexus in a couple of songs by by
extension by using samples that use
Nexus
um but in 2022 when I started working on
carouso one of the things I wanted to do
was to try and explore the soundscapes
of like the early Brony Phantom music
scene and whether you like it or not
Nexus was a huge part of that Nexus was
a huge sound in the early Brony music
scene and to a degree people still use
it in the community as well but as a
part of that exploration to get Carousel
to implement those things I got Nexus
legally finally
and my main goal was to use it just for
emulation just to like get those old
sounds in and that's when I realized
that I am in love with this thing very
deeply it is cheese
and a lot of the sounds are very fake
and digital
sounding but despite that it's really
good it doesn't use a lot of CPU has a
has a huge like array of effects that
are just built in that are just that
just sound good you don't really need to
mess around with too much to get it to
sound
good everything just kind of sounds
really well like mix
[Music]
ready and uh
and
so what I realized
is I had like shut myself out from using
Nexus for most of my life because of the
connotation it had and that I have now
that I finally had it it is inspired so
many different ideas which is really
interesting a lot of songs like flare
for the dramatic wouldn't have existed
without Nexus being here because the the
flare for the Dramatic Song started
because I was playing with the guitar
sounds on here and found that
riff with that
preset and like I don't think anyone's
going to argue that I didn't put in the
work to write that song Just because I
used a preset from Nexus
and for a while I've been trying to push
this idea of like liberating the the
average musician because especially the
electronic M the electronic music
community that I grew up in was really
gatekeeping really judgmental and like
kind of
like stuck up to say the least
and what's fascinating is how
interesting that I think I started
writing a lot of my better music once I
let go of all the like [__] sort of
mantras that came from that
Community um and yet I had I thought I
had been far ahead in my path And yet
when I got Nexus and realized it clicked
with me I'm like I didn't I I even when
I had shifted my mindset to being like
liberating the average
musician I still stopped myself at Nexus
too it's so like everything's all fine
and well and good to use in music except
Nexus
and
uh then using it for Carousel it's like
I still have a lot to learn about being
a reasonable musician that promotes
creativity is this story also tied to
here not a real musician sort of sort of
not really they're they're different
auras of the same
argument um that said
though um I never got to experience
Nexus when it had this UI the fact that
they implemented this in this new update
that lets you switch to this is is
really fascinating to
me
um I would prefer this to be smaller
like this but then if you go to the
normal Library it's too small to read
complaint I have but I digress
[Music]
these are from the
new Factory Library let me just you
can go to here we can Shuffle it
right did they get rid of the random
button surely they
didn't there it is
[Music]
some of these are just straight
sequences
[Music]
the flare the wiggly version
it's
nice whenever it comes to sounds like
these I'm very curious as to why there's
so much release on them cuz to me it's
like it should sound dry like this
where's the Reverb
oh it's a
sequence you can turn off the sequence
but
[Music]
just you start playing with these then
building the other stuff off of that
sometimes
um it really just depends on a million
other things
I've been I've been doing that
more for the
process where is that
Reverb where's that
delay there we go that's that's more my
speed where it's
dry and it like is uh doesn't have too
much release and then can we do make
this mon
is my next
thought that obviously wasn't it or it's
Sol for
all one thing I wish this had was a
global Unison
control cuz in the settings it's not
going to
work there we go
the
[Music]
that's what the sound is in my head best
used
as this is this is kind of crazy I'm
only pressing one not by the way
[Music]
I don't really use the sequences and if
I do it's like I'll usually find the
instrument in there that I'm using and
then just turn off the thing like say
for example I'm
like holy [__] there's so many
things I'm looking for that sound just
pretend
go over here and just turn off the
arpeggi oh what it's operating so
unusually okay
whatever yeah I don't really know
exactly how to use the sequences but
someone probably knows a better way of
using the sequences cuz there's a lot of
them in my mind the the use case it
might be for
like if someone has a general song idea
and they just want to get something down
first to fill out later to do their own
stuff with maybe they they use this but
my workflow completely like does not
find that necess necessary
so that's a fat base
[Music]
fun see I like this without the
arpeggiation
[Music]
so those are really detailed
[Applause]
[Music]
also whenever I'm like whenever I'm like
uh just testing an instrument I kind of
have like three or four chord
progressions I go between because it's
like I can hear their Ascension
descension how voicings work with a
certain instrument and also just like if
it will mesh well as a cord or as a lead
or as a base or
whatever something I always cite is that
Megalania is always a good test too
because that spans like two octaves
which is the base and the lead actually
three octaves
so if you want to see how Versa an inin
is just play the base and the lead of
Megalania
[Music]
okay let me think of this for a
second I'm let's go to play some random
[__]
[Music]
you know just for fun
just for
[Music]
funsies since I haven't used this in a
song
[Music]
yet this new new ass Bas thing lovely
hold on is this is this not in one of
these one of these is not in
[Music]
tune is it you
the instrument is like slightly
sharp which I'm okay with the base
should match it
though so let's get this to be a little
bit
[Music]
sharp like up here
now it is like slightly a no no to like
play base with pig unless there's a
reason
to and my reason is uh I really like the
brightness of it
[Music]
I just want to check if I should use the
other EG really
quickly which is this one
which one was
it it was a really funny looking
one think it was this
one put a one of these on it
I love that
growl oh sounds so good
[Music]
[Applause]
this might not be intonated properly I
was messing around with the Saddles too
much
[Music]
[Applause]
that
2 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3
4 already [__] up
[Music]
all right and
uh might be time to give
uh this one a little more action cuz
I've been playing the other one too much
[Music]
[Applause]
he I
[Music]
right let's let's DET this to be
slightly sharp as
[Music]
well this is flat
anyway it may be just not a good idea to
put the guitars next to my heater
[Music]
in
[Applause]
[Music]
what guitar am I using this
one I don't know if you can see that
very
well I've been Q QX headless blue burst
thing or
something and also you should see my
Capo I don't actually use that Capo the
one I'm using is this one
[Music]
a
he aahah
[Music]
I like that actually
he
[Music]
n
I just forgot the Riff I was doing
already
[Music]
I'll take was fine but there was like
this one part
[Music]
that one just that one note is just like
a little bit too little bit too far out
there the rest was fine and then we
double track this
[Music]
h
I've never met a seven I didn't like
[Music]
either so we can group these and just
apply the same delay to both of
them let's just change this one up a
little bit
[Music]
what would this sound like with like
like a crystallizer on the end of it
[Music]
there's this one
flanger I'm curious about that I have
that I just haven't used I keep seeing
it it's like everywhere I go I keep I
see his face
[Music]
sounds really nice actually
oh yeah by the way this
guitar it has like this this this
cutaway here which makes it so it's like
one of the only guitars we actually the
reach the highest fret without a problem
and this one actually goes up to two
octaves which is just astounding to me
for how small this thing
is but that means we could do stuff like
this we can go all the way up there
[Music]
just needs like a
compressor and I like one of
[Music]
these that should be more like a
n
that's that's my other thing lately is
before Monarch I never really did string
bends cuz I didn't know how to and I was
scared of hurting the strings until now
I'm overusing it but it's still really
nice doing the post grun like slow
tremolo
[Music]
n
little too
[Music]
much oh here's the other Monarch thing
let me get my slide
out here's the other Monarch thing
[Applause]
[Music]
I was just practicing
uh the the play dead riff which is like
let me take my real quick it's a little
hard to do in one take because of that
stuff let me see it's like
[Music]
got to do that
[Applause]
[Music]
[__] it feels
good do that with guitar more it's good
for you
[Music]
n
I wonder if I can get my camera to show
it it might be hard because limited
space
here and I can't show my face right now
because I just look like [__] right
now I forgot it was
Thanksgiving there oh wait
there that's something so the way to do
it
slide
here actually on this
finger and I'm using this for the bar
chord
cuz okay goodbye bottle
[Music]
and right when that comes up you go
[Applause]
[Music]
and then
here now when I'm doing some of the
noise stuff on Monarch I actually put
the guitar like it's like a lap steel
put this in the middle finger instead
and go
[Applause]
[Music]
and for drone stuff like in Sledge and
in um God my camera keeps falling
back and stuff like
sludge and uh
as her how echoed basically no more
slide for this one
is baddy can tell you that recording
certain parts of sludge and uh all the
Drone stuff in the
album is a pain because basically you're
going to find a bar chord like just like
this and then do this for basically 4
minutes
[Music]
so when you're listening to as your H
echoed onto even tide that's me doing
what you just saw there but with
different chords being chosen for I
think I recorded like four different
guitars for that one so basically that
times four
and also making sure I'm getting the
right chords and
[Music]
everything so I didn't use any Loop
pedals I didn't use any like delays or
anything to extend my range or anything
it is just the
[Music]
raw for however long those songs are
and then for things like Sledge that's
my favorite stuff to do
is I basically have like a root note
basically the open chord is is just drop
D take the slide
again and this is how to play sludge
with with like finger like this
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah but technically we would have more
Distortion like that you're you're
definitely correct so let's just get the
uh this is why I wish I had my pedal
board ready cuz I'm I'm working on that
right
now
but just go
no we need to let's go the extra mile
here let's go get guitar
EG and just try and find one of those
really sludgy
ones Guitar Rig just takes so long
[Music]
the other thing you want to make what
you're doing when you're doing [__] like
this is you'll notti I'm going to see if
I can get this properly to show up on
camera never have like straight down
like this because you're going to get
per like ratios of these strings that
actually sound melodic so like if I if I
just have this straight like
this that's well that's just a normal
chord what you have to do is angle it
like this and that's how you get that
sound cuz do it straight like that again
that's just a normal ass
chord so you had to
[Music]
go because I do that just this
[Applause]
way that's that's kind of a tonal but
it's not manic it's like just just a
chord moving up and down
like you could play
normal start am I on my SpongeBob era
[Music]
so if you don't angle it weirdly you're
just going to get normal sounding chords
so the way I the technique I developed
for sludge was like finding the right
angle cuz there's certain distances that
I like like that's
okay that's
cool there's there's sweet spots here
I'm trying to
[Music]
find right there I like that one
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
see that's a good dissonance so that's
that's so much more different than
playing like
[Music]
there you can convey even with we put
like heavy distortional sh
[Music]
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter how
heavy you make the guitar sound no
matter what chords you play it's just
going to sound like
music so like my whole goal as Monarch
was like how do I play this it's hard to
play [__] weird on a guitar because it's
like Fred right it snaps to
notes and if you just know certain
shapes with your fingers with your
hoovsies um you're just playing chords
and you just know how to do it so like
the the thing with writing Monarch was
like totally being like how do I unlearn
a bunch of
[__] how do I unlearn a lot of the stuff
we've been taught about like traditional
music
making how do I abandon that and make
something
cool so I would say there was I was
showing Ardo Lindsay's work on a stream
a while
ago
and something people
said something someone said about him
was that he was studiedly
naive and that was one of the coolest
descriptions I've ever heard because I
was like yeah that's what I had to
[__] do for Monarch I had to be
studiedly
naive that's how you do it
abandon what you know do some new
[__] I kind of want to put a long delay
on this and just see what this sounds
like
[Music]
but what if you don't know anything I
know that's like partially a joke but
here here's something I would say if you
don't know anything about making
music I genuinely encourage you to make
music and the reason why is because some
of the most interesting experimental
ideas come from people who don't really
know what they're doing they don't have
the ego to hold them back yet something
you have to do once you get like older
and more experienced as a musician is
like learning how to tap into that
childlike wonder and like interest
naivity and like so if you don't know
anything about making music go make
music please cuz you're going to make
some of the weirdest [__] ever that no
one's ever heard before because like you
just don't have the ego yet you don't
have the ego holding you back and you
want to value that so I genuinely mean
it
[Music]
nah
[Applause]
[Music]
n
also this is the [__] that guitar does
to your Hooves just like peeling all the
skin it's so nice
[Music]
he
all right now for the fun part
[Music]
yes most of the drums on Monarch are
Addictive Drums this plug again
[Music]
a good place to start with music
programs if you're a Mac User Garage
Band if you're not a Mac User Ableton
ableton's uh not the easiest program to
learn but it's going to be the one that
like helps you if you want to if you
want to use a different program in the
future it's the best one to start with
unless the one I'm using right
now something I don't recommend is
starting with l Studio because L studio
is the most non-standard of like the
popular
Daws once you learn something like
Ableton and you figure out what you want
in your software that's like the best
thing to do ableton's like again not the
easiest to learn but it preps you for
understanding it preps you for
understanding how dos work the best
E Studio is a good Dodge it's not great
for
[Music]
beginners it's almost Jing
basic I I do use a studio sometimes I
use it quite a bit for Paradise Valley
actually
[Music]
there's so many different beats that can
work with this like if you want more
Jazzy like the German Basse stuff it's
like
[Music]
you could go like
and then the one I was just demoing was
like kind of the new Rave stuff it's
like
[Music]
the best doll for beginners is genuinely
garage band but that's limited to people
who are
using um
Mac so good beginner
doll the problem is L studio is easy to
get started with but it doesn't have a
lot of transferable skills the same way
other dolls do which is why I reserve
myself in saying it's the best beginner
doll a studio you'll get started making
music quickly but once you want to start
doing more advanced things the skills
are not as transferable as like yeah
Ableton I would say probably Ableton
logic is just Garage Band
too yeah if you start using FL Studio
it's easy to get started but then
switching from FL to something else is a
bit
harder FL is capable just as Ableton is
but once you start doing more advanced
stuff it's harder in FL Studio to do it
than in other dos if that makes sense
it's not that FL can't do it it's that
you have to jump through extra Hoops to
do the same things that everyone else
can do
easier and trust me once you get into
advanced stuff you're going to thank
yourself for understanding how they work
cuz
like routing audio is a nightmare in FL
Studio and if you want to step up with
making music it's going to be
hell one of the examples I can think of
is for
example let's see I have these I have
these
uh I have this guitar line here and I
have these guitars
[Music]
here let's say I want to group them
together and add effects to all those
things at once in Ableton I select those
two tracks contrl G and you're done
that's a group and now I can apply EQ to
the whole group like this
[Music]
simple as that enable 10 in E
Studio tracks don't correspond to the
effect sends you have on them so
basically you have to tell a certain
sound let's say let's have this sound
here say you need to go to mixer Channel
5 and then you have to remember that and
then let's say you want to group two of
these together this audio is going to
mix your channel five and this one's
going to mix your Channel six doesn't
matter if it says it's on four or five
you have to remember you put this one on
five and this one on six and if you want
to group them together in FL Studio then
what you have to do is have an empty
track like this and say this one from
five this one from six you need to Route
yourselves into this thing it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter if it looks
like this could be used for something
else you're being used as a group track
now all of a
sudden it it gets really confusing
really fast when you're doing a bunch of
that [__] all at once that's the FL
Studio way whereas in most dos like in
Ableton logic even like I'm sorry to say
uh
Protools tracks correspond with their
channels so track five here is going to
be Channel 5 here simple you can in FL
Studio now as of recently lock certain
tracks to to be corresponding to a
channel but that doesn't come default
you have to set it every single time
manually and you still have to do the
separate group track
thing like
this um another thing that's you're
going to find very very very very very
limiting in something like FL Studio is
check out Ableton really quickly see
this EQ EQ like pile on all the effects
you want in Ableton it's infinite you
can put as many effects as you want on a
track as long as your computer can
handle it FL
Studio
10 10 slots for effects each track gets
10 slots if you want to have more you
have to set up a Patcher group or you
have to tell another track to act as an
additional processing channel on top of
it so once you get really into mixing
and applying effects and doing sound
design that's going to be
annoying another thing
if I want to record audio into Ableton
select an audio track arm record record
and we're
recording record and we're recording and
there you go it's done in FL Studio when
you want to record audio you have to
like click through a bunch of dialogue
boxes and then like confirm do you want
to use this device on this channel etc
etc and then once you do that it opens
up a whole other window which almost
feels like a completely different
program uh I think it's called Edison if
I remember correctly and then you have
to do a bunch of like the editing and
that and you have to do a bunch of the
recording and that and then transfer it
over to the thing it's
it's it's doable in FL Studio it's just
not
fun Die Hard E Studio users can tell you
it's a pain to record audio in E Studio
because it's not made for that it's l
studio is you can record directly into
the playlist but it still requires setup
that's not automatic
either it still takes a
while
um in studio you can do it it just takes
extra steps but then here's the other
thing is FL Studio its
advantages are very very unique for
example if you're doing a lot of M midi
editing like this putting in notes
manually in Ableton this is a nightmare
mid editing is in Ableton is a nightmare
FL Studio on the other hand the best
piano roll of any doll by far it's not
even just a leap ahead of everyone else
it's like a whole ass Universe ahead of
everyone else you could basically do
everything in E Studio with its piano
rooll with just your mouse you could
take your other other hoof and put it in
a bag of chips and do all everything you
want in F studio with just your mouse
ailon that's not the case you need
keyboard shortcuts you need to [__] is
so
ailon loses in terms
of uh panel
roll EV studio also wins in a couple
other departments first of all it's
pricing EV studio is probably one of the
best priced Daws
ever I think the most you can pay the
the most premium version of E Studio is
something like
$400 and to the average person you might
hear that be like holy [__] that's a lot
of money most expensive version of
aeton is like
$800 and um Ableton if you want to
upgrade to new
versions you have to pay like I don't
know how much I paid for this recent 12
update I feel like it was
$150 just to update FL Studio once you
buy F Studio you don't you never pay
anything ever again F Studio has
lifetime Free Major updates and they've
been doing that since the beginning so
if you bought E Studio like 10 years ago
you've gotten every [__] single
update for free
ever and one of the last things E Studio
is like the king
for is and this is why E Studio is a
choice for a lot of beginners the
default plugins you get with eud are top
[__]
tier Everything E Studio comes with is
like
Banger and that's the problem is that
they hook you in with these really
really good ideas it's great for getting
started but once you're you want to get
into like really fulltime working on
stuff on FL
Studio you're going to realize that you
have to jump through a lot of Hoops in
FL Studio and learn a bunch of weird
techniques to do normal operations in
other dos which is the problem
so that's why I recommend ailon as just
your starter doll you don't have to
stick with it but use it as a way to
learn and to know what you want out of
your
software if you like get used to Ableton
you're like oh [__] EV Studio does this
thing that ailon doesn't do as well I
prefer that that's that's the way to
go uh I always say in the doll Wars
there is no wrong doll to choose except
for
um Pro Tools that's the only wrong one
you can
pick bitwig Reaper ailton FL
Studio uh reason for the [__] of it
logic pro all good choices just don't
pick Pro Tools that's it that's the one
one simple
rule follow the rule and you'll be
fine
anyway protols is Antiquated protols is
like the dog Pro to is like the the
Photoshop of the audio
world it's very capable but it's
uh it's got some
problems Avid is one of the worst
companies in the
universe I don't give a [__] of Kendrick
shout out prots on the new album he's
not an
engineer
uh protols is the doll that the average
63-year-old recording engineer is going
to recommend because that's what's been
popular since the '90s or
whatever but it's Antiquated it's only
really good for if you have like a full
buddied recording studio and I I lament
Whoever has to work with
it cuz the main advantage is how it
plays with
Hardware that's why people still use it
so
much but if you're an actual musician
who makes music
stuff protos is going to be hell for you
that's like technical engineer software
it's not a music
software Pro Tools is subscription only
by the
way I think they eliminated the ability
to they were one of the first companies
to eliminate uh Perpetual licenses in
the music industry I
think setting a really wonderful
standard for everyone
else I think you might be able to buy a
Perpetual license to some of the nerfed
versions of Protools but to get the
actual like proper one it's subscription
only if I remember
correctly so if you're a Mac User try
Garage Band if you're not a Mac User go
get ail 10 free edition it's small it's
it's nerfed but you can uh learn through
it if you're really desperate you can go
with E Studio just know it will be
harder to switch from E Studio whereas
if you start with Ableton it'll be
easier to switch to anything else if you
start with E
Studio you have to dig put in some extra
work to switch
anyway we're doing this
[Music]
I like I kind of want like syn cynthy
drums but they have those here too
[Music]
I still kind of want to use the just
like arranged drums for
this I kind of want this to be
fuzzier here's nothing in Ableton that's
easy to do here but harder to do another
software
um I want to have this bass guitar
duplicated into two versions the normal
version and then I want in the duplicate
to add new effects to it the way you do
that in ablon is you can add an effect
here I'm going to get the
petal and I'll group the effects here
open this and create chain and now
there's two copies of the base guitar
signal one is clean and has no effects
on it and the other one has a pedal on
it so hard to do that in any other
software but super easy enabl in
I could solo both of them and for this
one I meant to make it really fuzzy with
less base and more
fuzz Adobe edition does count as a doll
but I don't know why you would choose a
Adobe inl if you have two guitars on two
different mixing channels let's say and
you want to play sem Q on both of them
you can route
them from Master to a different mix
Channel put EQ there yes you can do that
in F Studio but the way you do it in
Ableton as I demonstrated a minute ago
select the tracks group and now uh add
EQ them and you're done that's
it I'm already eqing both of these
tracks
together so again I'll show you how fast
this do
that all right ready if you want to
group these and add EQ to them this
sound
and the
sound you just select these two group EQ
[Music]
done I want to smash list to bits so uh
OT I'm going to add a gate before all
the processing so it shuts off
[Music]
that's not bit crash that's a fuzz pedal
but I can add bit crash that actually
might not sound bad either
[Music]
actually sounds pretty
good and here's the thing it's like okay
in the beginning of the song I want the
fuzz to turn off and all I had to do is
turn off this entire effects thing now
because we've turned this into a group
of sorts so I want to automate and be
like in earlier in the song Let's have
it clean later in the song Let's have
the fuzz on you just flip the switch and
if you want to do that in the software
you
just automate like this so over here
it's in an off State over here it's in
an on state so watch
[Music]
so now instead of having a whole other
track or a whole other instrument
creating this effect we can just choose
when that's that fuzz shit's on and
off that's a good way of creating
variation
tonally I don't know when I want that
yet so let's take turn it off for now
[Music]
no wait no that's not what I wanted to
do stop it stop it stop
it you
fool thank you
oh I had an idea wait instead of like
the new raave stuff when if we go
[Music]
Electro so what I mean by that is uh
the clap is cool but not what I want
[Music]
I don't like that
Electro beats you just have
[Music]
like and I'm like I want this kick from
to stand out more without pushing
everything else away
so I'm like my first thought is always
adding Distortion to the top end like
this
I don't think that
works maybe I will have to side chain
everything else let's
[Music]
see so anything that's not
base anything that's not base I put in a
Melody group anything that is base I put
it in the bases
group and then drums obviously go in a
drum group and then anything that causes
side chaining put into another subgroup
called
trigs so now let's spell Melody
correctly first I want to side chain the
bases and Melody to the
drums but specifically the trigs group
so let's go first let's turn off the
bases and do this on
[Music]
why this get [__]
up okay I have no idea what happened but
I'm just going to add release and hope
that works
[Music]
okay so I've created a preset
here and what it does this is this is a
volume
Automation and every time this receives
an audio input from a side chain group
it'll apply the shape to
whatever instrument it's been put on so
basically what I want this to do is
say anytime you receive a signal from
the trigs group apply this volume shape
to whatever instrument you're on top of
and I have this placed on all the
non-base stuff so now let's make sure
that the signal it's receiving is from
the trigs
[Music]
group and now you can hear whenever the
kick and snare
hit it pushes the audio away with the
shape
[Music]
I kind of only wanted to do that with
the kick drum so I'm going to take the
snare out of the trigs
group now let's do that with the bases
too I can just copy and paste the shaver
boxes to the
bases I think this Bas leads a little
bit more like sweetening in the low end
and again my first thought is can this
be fixed with
[Music]
Distortion make a low Band Here change
this to tube maybe warm
[Music]
tube that kind of worked but now it's a
little honky so now I'm
like let's take that out and let's take
this
out cuz you can't even hear stuff down
here but the computer can
[Music]
see I love [__] like
this often times I like to use
Distortion to make something sound like
fluttery
like if I turn this off
now he how clean it sounds and then when
I turn it back
on it's like purring and I love that
[Music]
no I like it when it's Airy
maybe it would be a good idea to save
this for
reasons who wants to name
it someone name the
project I drink water instead of soda
okay what is the evil train sample I
must
know name it Herbert I'm naming it
Herbert okay it's called Herbert now
and my brain I'm like I want this high
hat to sound sort of metallic and
weird I think we could do that with a
comb filter filter verse I Call On You
[Music]
maybe that's what I was looking for
something like that
um I haven't done a lot of stuff for
love and pony stuff yet but I do know
what the idea
is my main idea with love and& Pony
stuff is to take like old and modern
like Bass music design like nuro and
like bro step and like trench music and
find a way of weaving it in with like
trashy like electropop dance pop
stuff a lot of music that has attempted
to merge pop music with like bass music
always puts a focus that's like on the
bass stuff like here comes the Epic drop
but instead I want the Bass music to
like support the pop music if that makes
sense I want to be like pop music where
there just happens to be bro step
grows [__] like
that um I showed this on stream
already but I can
show the the one demo I do have that's
definitely going to make it into the
[Music]
[Applause]
album
forever be advised hostile load in
[Music]
and then the chorus test I did was
this
you and Neco Snicker actually just
finished the art for it and it looks
like
this the song is called my love is a
quick
scope I know who zve I know who zve is
for
mutuals
so um let me let me go through this
again really quickly one of my ideas
with I've already said this in a
previous stream before so I'm going to
be repeating myself for everyone who's
uh not been to the other ones but um one
of my ideas is for love love Pony Stu
I'm going to sample the Black Ops
2 seals announcer voice in every single
song so it's like the album's tag so
likeed
H you know what's crazy is I was like
holy [__] but wait
uh facing Oblivion to become the load
star reference
though is that crazy or
what it just worked out that
way um but every single song is going to
have a different announcer voice thing
[Music]
do we put Pony tops in here actually
to bring this back around when don't we
just uh grab Nexus really
quickly here's another fun thing you can
do on able 10 group
color let's not do that group color
Dynamics select these right click assign
color track color to group tracks and
clips and now they're all colorcoded
[Music]
Yeehaw oh my God where
where should I go all right team you're
cleared
for I have every single episode of My
Little Pony without music
yes three months of winter
all nine
[Music]
Seasons yeah wait
look
[Music]
see is the show really that good wait
you're asking me that
question you're asking me in
specific of all
people wait are do you not like My
Little Pony do you not
know I'm Violet
Pony like
what do you think is going on with all
this [__] what is th that's not a person
I'm I'm trolling you I I I know I know
you know it's funny
um all
right uh how do I put this My Little
Pony frous magic is the best show of all
time uh it's the best show of all
time I still I I still feel this way
after
years My Little Pony is still to this
day just it's so it's so
good
um even the later Seasons I don't give a
[__] what anyone says the later seasons
are great too the main thing is the
difference between what Lauren F's
Vision was and what came after that's
how you kind of divide up the show
seasons 1 and two and then maybe a
little bit of three
was the Lauren Vos stuff which kind of
feels like its own show and then 4
through 9 feels like a different show
but still feels really
good
um and like Jesus Christ My Little Pony
French his magic [__] me up sometimes
I'm going to tell you that
like I remember
uh I was thinking a lot the other day
about uh
the episode
where Tre sandwich comes to town and
they do the whole uh party
competition for I think Rainbow Dash's
birthday and
like that episode is so fun and the
episode is so silly and the episode is
so like joyous and exciting and
interesting and
existential and
like this [__] hits you cuz like
um I'm I'm was thinking
about that moment
when CH say was just like saying about
his origin story and like being like Oh
I I you know I came from some [__] and
uh and like I just wanted to uh I found
my passion for parties and like it's my
whole thing and then like he like and he
turns around it's like piggy pie is the
reason he's like doing what he loves
like like oh
[__]
oh oh stupid ass [__]
show oh I love it so
much that [__] hits so good that [__]
hits so
good
um
like I I I'm never going to I'm never
going to grow out of this [__] I'll be
in the retirement home I'll be 73 I'll
be talking about Pinkie Pie I don't give
a [__] that's me that's my
life and so whenever
like I come out here with a new album
and more people outside of my normal
audience start like finding my [__] and
like this would be so great if you drop
the pony stuff and don't you why do you
expect people to take it seriously when
there's all this Pony [__] it's like cuz
it's [__] real dude cuz it's [__]
real as
hell and uh
if you can't take it seriously because
there's a pony on the cover then I don't
[__] want you listen to my [__]
anyway you get the [__] out of
here I'm filtering the
losers there is a period of time I'll
tell you this I've talked about this
before but like in the Years
2016 and then especially at the end of
2017 and in 2018 I was going through a
period of like trying to reduce how Pony
my stuff
was and I was trying to do like more
poser [__] and trying to
like make the pony stuff low key like
anyone who knows my music from around
that time knows that I started going
more like but just Violet rather than
violet
Pony and let me tell you most miserable
time of my
life most miserable [__] time in my
life and that's what after that I I knew
this shit's
forever I'm not scared of it
anymore it's my favorite [__]
ever I never I never looked back that's
that's kind of why a lot of my music
between 2016 and 2018 I just get kind of
mad about cuz like this
weird okay
we're I'm I'm remove that I call it a
war warning but
um just in in yeah between 2016 and 2018
there was just a my my soul kind of left
my body a little
bit um which is why you'll hear me talk
so much joy about stuff like super Pony
world 2016 but you won't hear me talk a
ton of Joy about Tales From Equestria
just kind of like I enjoyed that album
for what it was but it really doesn't
represent the direction I want
ever and I think whenever everyone's
like whenever everyone's like talking
about drop the pony [__] this can I just
tell you actually there are people who
were who were in the community in the
fandom telling me to drop the pony [__]
if I wanted to keep growing as an artist
there are people in the community
telling me that [__] if you could
believe it
and
I I like I don't hear that I'm like oh I
need to rethink everything I hear that
I'm like you're challenging me and I'll
take your stupid ass [__] Challenge
and I'm going to go all the way to the
[__] end of the world with this Pony
[__] I don't give a
[__] if you tell me don't do that I'm
going to do
that because
cuz I feel like
it uh it's a challenge don't challenge
me unless you're ready to be
challenged
um but here's the thing
ponies lighten people the [__]
up most of the
time there's a sub genre of person who
will twist it to their own evil ends but
if you ignore those people and you focus
on the people people that
matter ponies get people to lighten the
[__]
up and that's what we need in this
[__] world is for people that just
lighten the [__]
up
people people take things way too
seriously and not seriously enough at
the exact same time and to me ponies
hits right right where it needs to be
doesn't always take itself seriously and
when you do take it seriously it [__]
sucker punch you into the universe is
just the greatest [__]
ever I think I'm very confident in
saying that my music my art will always
revolve around creatures will always
revolve around the diverse imagining of
magical creatures that's just where I
belong and uh
a lot of the time that's going to be
ponies I people need to just suck it
up you know what's crazy is there's the
other thing where people being
like well this can't be compelling
enough art because by definition it's
fan
art it's like what the [__] isn't fan
art though ask yourself that question
think of anything you
can they of anything you can anything
and I mean it
and ask yourself is this actually not
fan art or is it fan art the Bible is
Fan Art churches are fan
art every character ever is an OC when
you draw somebody a person when you do
life drawing studies of people you're
drink fan art of The Human
Condition what what have any of us
actually created that's fully isolated
in
itself you didn't invent colors you you
didn't invent movies you didn't invent
music you didn't invent humans you
didn't invent animals you didn't even
invent
mythology everything's fed
art now you might someone might pose the
the question okay but there is a
difference between drawing art of an
animal in real life and drawing art of
an
established company-owned it p and to
that I say good I love copyright
infringement I hate copyright and I hope
people do the same with my own art
too I I've said it a million times and
I'll say it again if you want to make
art just [__] copy me I don't give a
[__] just [__] copy me steal my ideas
please do it I encourage you this is how
the world
Works art art is iterative it it is not
isolated also yeah sample be I mean
[__] what I did earlier today was
uh what was that let me get it really
quickly you guys want to hop on the
sludge
beat because the sludge beat is here
[Music]
and so again the argument will be
posed while drawing an animal that
already exists is not the same
as drawing art of an IP that's
established by a company and so
summatively again who gives a [__] about
the
companies who gives a [__] about the
companies [__] Pon World fairy
fails is something the new
Kendrick I heard the new Kendrick's
really great by the
way I only listen to it once but I I'll
listen
again
um 2024 has seemed to be the year where
a lot of really wellestablished artists
that are typically very prolific are
releasing like their their chill albums
for
Kendrick um GNX was
it is like his his most laidback album
compared to a lot of his other
stuff Porter Robinson's smile is the
least like you know dramatic of all of
his
albums and I'm kind of here for it
honestly I'm very into
it is it worth listening to really
what's the vi are you are you talking
about the
Kendrick it really is just like kind of
just the greatest hits of like modern
hip-hop Styles I think and just like
doing it really
well Monch is was chill I released girls
who Wizards think about that okay that
was this
year I also released I'm cra flow this
year so you
know it is what it is
but anyway that is to
say three months of winter coolness and
awesome
holidays we've kept our warm I was just
thinking about winter wrap-up and how
[__] good of a song it is months can
we just listen to it can we just listen
to winter wrap-up nothing else just
listen to winter wrap up
I can spell we're just going to listen
to Wi wrap
up nothing no sub text no nothing we
just listen to it cuz it's
[Music]
good the [__] Vivo style MTV Style
food we've stored is running out and we
can't grow in this C
ands fashion
[Music]
Winn
our
[Music]
hereas up it's warm and Beauty Willow
winter let's finish our holiday Che
winter spring is
here
here Critters
hiate and ice weake
up quiet
and up F their hes below welcome
back the
[Music]
it's
you color
[Music]
spr is
here
is here
[Music]
nowk Will
without is
here is here tomor
[Music]
mgv
tag oh it's so oh it's oh it's so
perfect it's so it's so
perfect um and then of course
[Music]
so this is what I was referencing in
uh Pony rock
[Music]
down
yes this should so immaculately produced
it's so
[Music]
beautiful sotin
I think like growing up and maturing is
realizing how this [__] is like actually
genuinely High art like some of the
highest art there can ever be like it's
just so brilliant and so
perfect that said
[Music]
f
my
[Music]
ow
I want to keep just that one riff and
then I want to figure out something else
for the rest of that
[Music]
is
I'm
[Music]
on
what the food
[Music]
out out
out
[Music]
someone want to know how to do the vocal
stuff so let's
see I'm turn this off for a second
all right I'm just going to use the
lyrics to uh winter wrap
up for
this I have to be a little bit louder so
I'm going to turn down my microphone on
the stream
side I'll bring it back up momentarily
[Music]
like okay so now I'm like how now I
improve this take
[Music]
mons so it's like these are not the best
takes but I'll just leave them for now
months
[Music]
first thing I always do
months I start to notch out stuff I
don't want
first need anything down
[Music]
here
aw an awesome
an
awesome
[Music]
months
we and usually find where that second
harmonica is sitting which is right
[Music]
here we kept our hussies warm at home
time off from work
to
coolness and awesome
holid we our
[Music]
warm and then I go and add the
dier three months of winter
coolness and awesome h whenever you see
that highlighted it's like taking out
it's reducing the intensity of
the
[Music]
cilin so I'll grp these together and
I'll turn this off and on you might not
really have the difference exactly but
here's it off first months of
win and awesome
holid we
[Music]
months
mons
mons mons it just DEH Harens allot of
the Airy
[Music]
stuffs
awesome then I next I do a control
compression so
like bring it up here ratio 100 fast
attack fast release three
[Music]
months and awesome
holay we kept our hussies warm at home
time off from work to
play now I start doing tonal shifts so
just creative
eqing winter
coolness an awesome
holiday three months of winter
coolness awesome
holidays we kept our hussies warm at
home time off from work to play 3 months
of winter coolness and awesome
holidays we kept our hoodies warm at
home time off from work to
play three months of win
coolness an awesome
holiday pull back there months of
win and awesome
[Music]
then we do the LA
tour awesome
holidays we kept our hussies warm at
home time off from work to play three
months of winter coolness an awesome
holiday three months win
Co awesome holidays
three months ofn
Co so let's put these all in here I'll
turn this off and on now three months so
win
coolness an awesome
holiday three months so win
Co
awes still needs a low control so that's
what I be like
holidays three
months coolness and awesome
holidays we kept our warm time
[Music]
to still could use more things that's
where I'm
like at this point we go what is is it
called
um this one where is
it it is missing that's not
good
okay I guess we'll just use
a I'm going to try
this um what's it called
see this
one and awesome
holidays we kep our H warm home
time do another EQ thing cuz it's
sounding kind of
[Music]
weird 3 months so
coolness an awesome
holid 3 months of wi
coolness now they get to sit better in
this particular mix now I'm like add
saturation
here win coolness and awesome
holiday we C our
[Music]
warm and obviously since all the music
here is like really really in tune
or either have to sing until it's
perfect or I just put Auto Tune on
up I'll try and get as good as I can
[Music]
first turning my mic down
again we
[Music]
three months of win coolness and awesome
holiday we
[Music]
ourm could also just have and just a
little bit of
[Music]
it and to make it sit better in here let
me turn this
down so that's when we start putting the
auto tune just to snap it a
[Music]
bit because it's not perfectly in a
equals
444 I'm like I usually put the audit
really high and then try and find The
Sweet
Spot once I'm there I'm like then I pull
it back Mons so into coolness and
awesome
holiday we C our
[Music]
hussies and then we do spatial things
like let's
add this
[Music]
thing we
let's put that on a separate track
actually we
can't warm home time off to
play three months of winter coolness and
awesome h
[Music]
we can't tell H is warm and home time
off for work to
play three months of winter coolness and
awesome
holiday we
get time off to
play
mon coolness and awesome
H we can tell H is WM home time off to
play mon
wi
[Music]
aw so now if I turn off the the vocal
chain you're going to hear a difference
big time I don't even need to tell you
when it's
[Music]
off we
can't to
play
co
[Music]
awesome now to be fair this is a a very
quick job usually I'd spend a lot more
time mixing the vocals cuz it's the
hardest thing to mix um and the other
thing is usually I would try and like
practice and like rehearse more L I'm
just kind of like bullshitting the the
takes and and stuff so
um all right obviously one of the one of
the main things I would work on with
this take is you can hear that I'm
getting out of breath in certain parts
too
early like right here I'm struggling to
breathe already in this
[Music]
line because of this falsetto that I'm
hitting and I don't quite know where
that sits yet and so usually when I'm
doing new takes and trying to improve it
I'm like where can I improve my breath
control where can I improve my pitching
you know stuff like that this fetto
something I can
hit you can tell I'm still kind of
sliding around it a little bit and I
would need to do better that's the right
around this point is where I would focus
on improving takes I don't feel like
doing that right now cuz it usually
takes a little bit and that's probably
going to be very boring to watch the way
I produce and write and like perform
music is a little bit different off of
stream because a lot of time it's like
repetitive just like kind of layering
things and like working on the same
thing over and over and over again it's
like rehearsing and re-recording and
like doing little tweaks and stuff and
like that's not as interesting to see on
stream some people will probably
appreciate it but just in general it's
not as interesting
like to just hear the same thing over
and over and over again I just hear
slight changes so on stream usually I'm
playing things up a little bit to be a
little bit more acceptable for
entertainment purposes but for the sake
of that U I'm not going to re-record
these things and like try and perfect
the take or
[Music]
anything that's kind of the average
routine I
do so
I'm not actually can keep that in there
I was just showing that for
demonstration but I will put it there
oh yeah we were doing uh this
[Music]
[Applause]
and then usually it's like I can get a
really good Loop going like this and
then the big struggle is turning that
into a full
song um which can take a lot of extra
time and is even more repetitive and
even more strenuous which is why a lot
of my stream stuff just ends up being
like eight bar loops and stuff obviously
I know how to go beyond that but in
terms of like what's going to be
appropriate for stream it'll just not be
as
interesting when the first thing I do is
be
like first part of this can just not
have the vocal
tops maybe these high hats can come in
later as well
[Music]
the other thing I'm like is that snare
is a little bit too flashy for the start
part that's why I'm like in this
part what if we did this get shaper box
put it before the Redux filter
[Music]
just have a nerfed version of it before
the big part comes
in I'm get a crash in here I'm thinking
of like
[Music]
is
so I'm going to I'm going to make a pad
part I'm going to start by just having a
basic wave table
here just writing the chords
[Music]
I
what oh that's crazy what the [__] this
is one of the new Patches from from uh
the factory Nexus 5 Factory
[Music]
presets you already hear how this sounds
in context
[Music]
[Applause]
oh what a good pad that is and then what
we do here is
we have that playing just before that
second part have that fade
[Music]
[Applause]
in new idea as well let's take that
thing here and just use the root
note let's do this let's go
silence don't listen to that
[Music]
now
e
[Music]
let's just get a riser I'm going to type
riser in the thing and see what comes
up not quite it Tracy breaks
[Music]
that one could totally
[Applause]
work we just treated it a little bit
[Music]
another thing you do I'm going to filter
the drums just as they approach this
reset 's one of my favorite things good
old
[Music]
lossi so that way suggest that a change
is
[Music]
coming I like we could also remove these
here these little guitar pluck until
later like this
[Music]
I can do more with just an eight bar
loop as is I expand it into a full song
[Music]
this is like a very me problem but I'm
also hearing
like this is a cliche of
mine but cliches are beautiful
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Music]
[Applause]
e
[Music]
now I obviously know how to do the
harmonies for
[Music]
this so obviously I know how to do those
harmonies but there's a new thing in
Ableton
where our scale isn't C minor I think so
we just set the project to C
minor I'm just going to move these up a
[Music]
bunch and then fit to
scale wait that didn't work did it
[Music]
oh it's in c minor but it's like pitched
up I say I did wrong
[Music]
a
[Applause]
[Music]
that's really pretty
I have ailon
[Music]
12 we're already in the Tracy brace
section Tracy brace Tracy braak
section might as well use one of
these is
[Applause]
[Music]
is that auto Karma no it's
not it's crystallizer
[Music]
also I just need to say this uh I've
actually never played like a fast pluck
like this
before I kind of inadvertently found my
picking angle for it on this very Stream
So shout out
[Music]
let's use my other
claye um where is
it
simples
here here's my other cliche
[Music]
just one of my favorite sounds ever
[Applause]
[Music]
don't hate me but I I'm hearing like a
Vengeance 140 BPM Loop in the background
of this I'm like we go to uh Club sounds
like volume 3 it's just
like I'm just tearing that in
[Music]
here and also like a really big clap in
the background
[Music]
still the best drum samples in
history listen to this sound without
those now
[Music]
[Applause]
like do you really not want them there
now
[Applause]
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
oh that's down
filtered it's down
sampled you can fix that because
Distortion adds new harmonics that
weren't there to begin
with I like why can't I hear I put on
the Shakers instead of the clap
so even though there's no frequency
content over here you can use saturation
on the high band to fake frequencies
over
[Applause]
here get rid of this just while we're
here
down
[Applause]
[Music]
we can we can mix these together too
[Applause]
[Music]
e
[Applause]
[Music]
I cuz this this could be more shrill
[Applause]
[Music]
El I'm feeling I'm feeling like a run
here like let's just go get the M1 harp
really
[Music]
quickly all right want to check out this
the speed minut speed midi midi speed
editing well this needs to be 44 2 446
whoops no 442 that was right
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
oh I forgot I put in the melody
group okay Melody group a and Melody
Group
B shrimal is
that and now my mind I'm like I need a
really like dramatic sample quote to go
right before this kicks in and we just
had
we just had this
out clean up winter who cleans up winter
how do I winter needs to be here come on
Twilight come on out you simply must
wait okay arguing about stop go go go
okay River Dash what's your
sexuality thank you that R is really
helpful I mean just look at this
catastrophe get me started on all the
clouds still all to pce is disastrous if
we can't get our not fast you have to
wake animals slowly uh AJ oh good gravy
caramel lost the grasses again didn't he
yep Dy do accidentally went North to get
the southern Birds oh that feather brain
didn't I have expected River Das to let
out a slur there for some reason late
again another year of Scandal and shame
if only we could be more
organized on time and we have you for
your we give you the title gosh hog dear
Princess Celestia winter wrap-up was one
of the most special things I've ever
been a part of here in Ponyville it
helped me to learn that we all have
hidden talents and if we're patient and
diligent we're sure to find them and as
always with good friendship and teamwork
ponies can accomplish anything oh that's
crazy that's
it so I go over here and as always with
good make it sound like really Loi like
and as always with good friendship and
teamwork ponies can accomplish anything
teamwork and as and as always with good
friendship and teamwork and as always
with and as always with
and
as and as always with good friendship
and teamwork ponies can accomplish
anything and as always with good
friendship and
teamwork and then the anything anything
should hit when the chime hits is that
here like
this and as always with good friendship
and teamwork ponies can accomplish
anything
[Applause]
[Music]
that's that
[__] and as always with good friendship
and teamwork ponies can accomplish
anything first we should compress it
more and it's a little
Dynamic and as always with good
friendship and teamwork we don't need a
delay and as always with good friendship
and teamwork ponies can
accomplish and as always good and
teamwork ponies can accomplish and as
always good and team ponies
ACC have that have that delay out like
this ponies can accomplish
[Applause]
anything and as always with good
friendship and teamwork ponies can
accomplish anything
[Applause]
I make this even crazier we can go over
here and uh get the get like a crazy
sample
like why not the why not one of these
[Music]
ones just give that the dotted delay
like that anything
[Applause]
[Music]
it's
oh wait wait a minute wait a minute wait
a minute wait a minute wait a
minute that high hat sounds really good
like tiny
[Applause]
[Music]
turn the [__] off
here let's put like really small drums
there
[Music]
n
maybe a different kick same pattern
[Music]
nothing
over here and then the second part bring
that guitar back in
[Music]
a hog surprise when that last hog
weren't for your organizing skills we
would still be weren't for
[Applause]
[Music]
your and what en Nation just give me a
chance just give me
it does kind of work but I already have
another sample somewhere I'm worried
that I won't be able to wake up every
animal
before this time around
I'm it'll be e leave them through there
yes how about if I help
[Music]
three months of winter coolness and
awesome
holid we kept our
[Music]
hoies winter and awesome holid we our at
off to Winter and a holid we
our
[Music]
TOS of witer and awesome holid we kept
our hoopies warm at home time from work
to
the but the we stored running out and we
can't grow in this cold
and even though I love my boots
Fashion's getting old and even though I
love my boots Fashion's getting old is
running out and we can't grow in this
cold and even though I love my boots
this Fashion's getting
old running out and we can't this cold
and even I love my boots Fashion's
olded she holds that vibr for quite a
bit a some holidays we kept our hoopies
warm at home time off to play but the
food Leaf is running out and we can't
grow in this cold and even though I love
my boots Fashion's getting old mons of
winter coolness and awesome holidays we
kept our Hoops warm at home time off
work to play but the food we've stored
is and we can't grow in this cold and
even though I love my boots this
FR I like how the song title is still
just Herbert
and awesome holidays we kept our hoopies
warm at home time off to play but the
food we've stored is running out and we
can't
grows fashion
it's
[Music]
crazy can I just shorten it by doing
this that's
better and awesome H
aww and awesome HS we our hoies warm and
awesome holidays we kept our hoies warm
at home time off and to play the
and we can't this C the we the we
run we running out we is running out and
we can't grow in this cold and even
though I love my boots Fashion's getting
old we is running out and must of winter
coolness and awesome holidays we kept
our hoopies warm at home time off work
to play but the food we store is running
and we can't grow in this cold and even
though I love my boots fashion
[Music]
get and as always with good friendship
and teamwork ponies can accomplish
anything
[Applause]
[Music]
months of winter coolness and awesome
holidays we kept our ho warm at home
time off work to play but the food we
store is running out and we can't grow
in this cold and even though I love
my I'm going cut all the stuff here
cut that off
[Music]
there can accomplish
[Applause]
[Music]
months of winter coolness and
awesome here's an idea take this and
then go uh
please months of
winter 3 months of winter coolness 3
months of winter coolness and awesome
holiday we kept our hoies warm at home
time off to play but the food we store
is running out and we can't grow in this
cold and even thoughs
[Applause]
[Music]
Fashion's it's uh part of the the kilo
Heartz
bundle which is free I
think
uh the free
effects there's a whole effect Suite by
kiloh Hearts which is just free it's all
of these
things so nice
these are all free shout out ker
Hearts like that it's
[Music]
free I'm thinking take out the drum
months of winter coolness and awesome
holiday we kept our h
months of
winter
[Music]
andw that helps that transition a little
bit
[Applause]
more months of winter coolness and
awesome holidays we kept our hoies warm
at home time off and work to play but
the food we' store is running out and we
can't grow in this
fash it's fun it's very
fun just put a limiter on that and say
[Music]
[Applause]
uh three months of winter coolness and
awesome holidays we kept our hoopies
warm at home time off and work to play
but the food we store is running out and
we can't grow in this cold and even
though
I all right I'll upload this on
patreon I don't imagine myself finishing
it but it's it's really
fun um
damn uh will next year's album have
Genesis references like monarch no
Monarch was my Genesis worship album so
it belonged there but after that you
know I think though it's uh we've been
streaming 9 hours a little too
long I don't like Thanksgiving so I was
going to do this
instead
but I wanted to get other work to done
today and I just
didn't boring
work I finished uh all the audio stuff
for the next top five videos so one of
my next things to do is uh the video
part for top five
videos it's really funny
uh top five videos originally I did
something I did it in like you know an
hour the first the first one I did it in
like an hour in 2019 and now it's like a
3 to 4 Day
project every time I do a new one
crazy I have to find the videos I have
to make sure there's nothing bad in the
videos I have to make sure that's like a
reasonable thing to
do I have to figure out what the arc is
what the lower part is now I have to do
the recordings I have multiple
characters I have to get all the images
I to get download the
videos I have to do the editing and the
animation it's
like it supposed to be me just joking
around with five weird videos and that's
it but we've uh we've come a little bit
far like why is the to five videos like
somewhat high quality content not sure
but
anyway do you guys want to hear
the this episode's theme
song I think everyone wants to hear that
the top five videos theme song for this
episode
okay uh where was it here you go yeah
videos videos videos with a fat list of
the videos trying to talk to me like who
I'm the badest [__] on the site YouTube
videos videos videos nobody remembers
your fireal shos iron deficient might be
but I spit l so you better like
me I don't want to waste my time
the everything
sh I don't want to T for
the everything is soft when you dip your
fries videos videos videos nothing is
real in the offer it B ho look in your
fridge that's me poor little slime
concrete baby vide videos videos boil in
my knees but I still hit a witty pose
coming in at number one W on top and the
creek got to
flow I don't want to waste my time with
the
big everything is you
sh I don't want
[Music]
to everything is soft when you dip your
fries I'm so excited for this
let's see I think uh that plus
one six 7 minute episode 7even minute
episode of top five videos what is top
five videos
though okay before I end stream oh I
I'll do the the top five videos lore
rundown for anyone who's new
here
um what am I doing
let's go
here and then
playlist in here
okay
so for those who are new here top five
videos is a is a series I
do and there's something wrong with this
playlist right
now okay we could just look at it this
way um
it's a video series I do and uh the very
first one was in
2019 here are my top five
videos number five motorcycle trip to
Mongolia Yamaha
xt660z what is to ride in GOI desert
part
16 this video was made by motorcycle
Adventures
number
four Minecraft with the boys three by
the boys this video so it started as
just this you can see what the joke is
it's like you can see what the joke is
it it's become something very very very
different this is the that was really
[__]
weird don't this won't Hur a bit we
shall not fter in the
face fear videos on the floor videos at
your door videos got your hands up with
a Glock holding up the corner store see
me with the bits Greatest Hits put a hit
on your [__] thr a fit your names at the
top of the list Rich top top top topping
off at number five better get your asses
tired if you want to stay alive like
comment share don't forget to hit
subscribe make sure to get notified see
these coins
arrive
[Music]
i'mot t t time is on the clock double
digits baby that's the algorithm
St F in the streets scude oil in the SE
crude oil in my stomach crude oil in my
knees I pull up to the test goes tell a
baby he the
I'm drowning in that green make it girl
like baby
PR I only
how guys it's my pleasure to welcome you
to top five videos one two um every
second you're not running I'm only
getting closer so I don't mean to alarm
anyone but um crunk Lord tiberious is
actually still [__] here well AR you
told me I'm supposed to be sit house
since you're freeing the wall so you
kind of asked for it yeah yeah yeah yeah
well who's the one with the unlimited
videos how you tell everyone how who you
were in prison to begin do I really have
to you can go back if you want to okay
well about a year ago I was trying to
open a can of spaghetti I was in the
kitchen and then I accidentally opened a
portal to every single realm in our
universe so CR tiberious had to imprison
me Arya has told me that V's powers are
too much for this universe and it is my
job to watch over her and to clean up
any of the messes she made no one no one
[__] cares like you're just jealous
that I'm the one who actually brought
prow back
to why our top our number one our the
first video top five videos one two is
the Miracle hand cream news story from
chees it news I'm sure you all remember
a couple of years back when the Miracle
hand cream first came out Tommy banana
covered this breaking news story we just
got to my two favorite Parts here we
just first here oh my we get something
if only they made hand C that made
buildings resistant to being destroyed
because at number two oh my God oh my
God oh my God oh my God second video has
hit the building a second video is h a
second video a second oh my God oh my
God I know this one's a classic in the
making b00 CJ o a xr0 kingin 120 by 120
and then my other favorite one was this
one did they hit the pony Pentagon let's
find out in video number three crashing
burning and collapsing into the third
video of today's videos it's got to be
Sponge Wars Episode
4 LOL I don't really know much about
Star Wars but I think this is B might be
based on the Dual of Fates which was
historically fought between um Luke
Skywalker and R2-D2 R2-D2 was originally
cast as the leading actress for the
video game known as OverWatch obviously
she never forgot her Roots because in
Star Wars Episode 4 she once again
shouts her signature OverWatch line alas
Cor and or lukee Skywalker I'm thinking
about switching to a new car insurance
premium because the one I currently have
right now is not working out very well
and while R2D2's line is very well
beloved by audiences Lou Skywalker's
famous line of I'm going to kill Gumby
by putting him into an industrial
furnace for about 72 hours didn't it
really hit with audiences as well as
with RTD2 at the end of the day everyone
loves a good story between Luke
Skywalker um C3PO and and the giant Sun
that knows where you are at every second
of every day I don't think you
understand the gravity of the situation
video number four is all about catching
them all so the the scary thing about
top five videos is
that basically every single video a new
like inside joke is created so the
further and further we go into the
series everyone knows how to speak the
language of top five videos and the
outside Observer has no [__] clue
what's going
on that's one of the joys of
it is you could is is is there's I don't
know how many layers there are but there
is so many layers also whoever mentioned
Star Trek uh there's a there's a Star
Trek reference in the next
one and also recursion is funny and
that's why the order of videos goes as
top five videos one top five videos two
top five videos three top five videos
four top five videos 5 top five videos
Six top five videos s top five videos
eight top five videos nine top five
videos 10 and then top five videos one
two top five videos two
two so the next episode is top five
videos 2 two the one after that top five
videos 3
two it's
great it's like we can't count to 11 and
higher we have to just it's just
recursion it's just funny um and so I
think one of the things is if you was if
you like observe the people who are my
audience and You observe them speaking
to one another and speaking to other
people they'll start saying like
completely incomprehensible things and
everyone will just understand what's
happening because everyone's a part of
this like strange new dialect that's
being formed through top five
videos so
anyway um top five videos is like one of
my favorite things
it's uh experimental media I don't know
what genre it is if it's a parody If
it's documentary if it's I don't know
what it
is but it's it's
interesting it's
Argy kind of kind of not really also
Darth Vader's in in the next one so
that's nice
[Music]
so anyway thanks for coming and uh we'll
do more Ultra kill next uh next day not
tomorrow just the next time bye I should
prob bye I should probably do more
actual work very soon because I keep
putting it
off thanks for coming thanks for eating
coins and
uh yeah